great features . . .	1
also , you can store data on it , which is a plus . for all you people who want to buy an ipod just to say you have an ipod , do n 't bother , this is a much better buy .	1
i purchased two of these beauties .	1
replacement battery is $ 50 compared to ipod 's $ 150 .	1
neither message was answered ( they ask for 24 hours before replying - i 've been waiting 27 days . )	0
speed is not a problem .	1
like it 's predecessor , the quickly revised nx , this player boasts a decent size and weight , a relatively-intuitive navigational system that categorizes based on id3 tags , and excellent sound ( widely known to be better than ipod - not surprising considering the number of years creative has been in the audio peripheral business ) .	1
it 's not the heaviest around ( i think porter-cable has that distinction ) , but i found its combination of weight and power really too much to allow precise handheld operation .	0
everything i wanted ! . the apple ipod has become one of the most sought-after electronic gadgets - and for good reason .	1
i highly recommend this ! .	1
even with these shortcomings , i still think it is the best digital camera available under $ 1200 .	1
the build quality shows why its so cheap - small scratches on the base plate , something that you would n 't see on a sony and an overall plastic feel	0
the wizard is particularly sinister .	0
the g3 has most if not all of the features that you would want from a semi-pro / pro slr with a good range of manual options for those who know something about photography .	1
plus , if you order from amazon . com , they will exchange it for you no problem .	1
it is lightweight , sleek and attractive .	1
) button sensitivity : even reduced to the lowest sensitivity setting , the buttons are far two sensitive , really takes some getting use to , and even then , it is still too sensitive .	0
i really love this phone . . .	1
the ipod is a very nice product , which given reasonable care , should give a lot of service .	1
and so far have not had any problems with dvds not being able to play .	1
another benefit of this phone is that it is truly an international phone ; . the 6610 is sold in almost everywhere in the world .	1
the good news is that the creative support is very responsive and after some emails and postal exchanges , i had a new zen .	1
on several different occasions it has displayed `` no disc `` with a disc inside .	0
- audio formats : supports both mp3 , wma . . . and yeah , wav too .	1
the actual experience of using the ipod is magnificent .	1
very easy to use for someone like me who 's just hopping on the digital camera bandwagon .	1
a decent piece of hardware with great speed ( i get the same speeds as with my comp connected directly to the modem ) and good signal quality .	1
i recommend t-mobile and the nokia 6600 without reservation .	1
the creative labs zen xtra has all the features the i-pod has and if you get if from amazon your only going to pay $ 300 for this great player .	1
it takes a while to learn how to use it right , and at this point i am able to make about 70 % of my calls using it .	0
though nearly a dozen different people at both t-mobile and nokia have told me otherwise , it is simply not possible to use this phone as a bluetooth modem for the vast majority of pdas and many other devices .	0
the menus are very easy to navigate .	1
-- > does not recognize player at random times , despite being connected and displaying player 's library .	0
the eq is awful , and even at top volumes , the bass is flat sounding .	0
each of the 4 lasted less than six months .	0
i have excellent hearing but the volume level on this phone is especially quiet .	0
it looks very cool , and seems quite small to me and very light .	1
the depth adjustment was sloppy .	0
but my biggest gripe is still the extremely ugly design .	0
the nomad zen could use a little sturdier construction like the archos jukeboxes or some kind of shock resistant case .	0
overall , this player is awesome and i definately recommend it .	1
i have not had any distortion problems with this phone and am more pleased with this phone than any i 've used before .	1
i gave it only 3 stars due to the fact that the 1st one broke when i dropped it from a fairly short distance ( less than 2 ft ) .	0
manual functionality is excellent , downloading pictures is quick and a breeze , and the quality is astounding .	1
unfortunately it turns out to be the `` disposable `` type .	0
this is a really great buy , for yourself or as a shower gift .	1
the container is hard to open , which is exactly what you want when your baby becomes a toddler , and you do have to flip the handle carefully ( which has saved more than a few of her toys , too . ) i don 't consider these difficulties but features for the older baby .	1
by the way , it looks nice also .	1
no problems now , just a sickly disappointment in the way norton has abandoned their customers .	0
first , the player did not allow me to access the menus of dvds .	0
you can be up to about 3 feet away from it and it will still work perfectly .	1
especially the lcd is big and the camera quality is among the very best around .	1
i had a casio unit , which had given great service , and would have been happy to get another one , but was tempted by the ipod 's sleek design , storage capacity , connection options- - firewire and usb , and its integration with itunes .	1
this camera is perfect for an enthusiastic amateur photographer .	1
( you can do it one handed while still hanging on to the baby . ) also , we like using regular trash bags instead of having to worry about buying refills ( like with the diaper genie ) .	1
longer battery life , greater accessibility to online music services , and pc compatibility are the sensibilities .	1
the battery lasts very long when playing music , but writing files to the player drains the battery fast , so you need to have it plugged into an outlet when sending files .	1
they are razor sharp , the color balance is perfect , and the focus is great .	1
transfer through windows explorer - windows recognizes the jukebox as an additional hard disk , so it allows you to simply drag and drop files from windows explorer to a folder for the nomad .	1
a digic ii-powered image-processing system enables the sd500 to snap a limitless stream of 7-megapixel photos at a respectable clip , its start-up time is tops in its class , and it delivers decent photos when compared to its competition .	1
its far more difficult to select songs and has no easy to use on the fly playlist creation such as the new ipod not to mention it does n 't since with contact lists , phone numbers , address books , etc . like the ipod ( which eliminated my need for any kind of palm device ) .	0
naturally i did quite a bit of review before purchasing ( i recommend www . no madness . net ) , and price-wise zens are unbeatable .	1
perhaps semantic could work out the efficiency a little , but these reviews are highly exaggerated . . . i would ask what else these people are running on their computers ( ? . )	1
10 great price for all the features .	1
other than that , the simian series 60 os is great and offers lots of proprietary software that will work on your phone if you 're willing to hunt for it .	1
these issues aside , the ipod is kind of like the cell phone in that once you have one , you can 't be without one .	1
it is small overall , bigger than the ipod , but keep in mind that this is because different , less expensive but not necessarily inferior technology is used in the zx .	1
i bought this diaper pail when my son was just a few days old and i absolutely love it ! .	1
there were a few attractive features , such as the small size and the layout of the remote .	1
) no locked-in proprietary business like apple ; . this baby plays wmas too .	1
my only significant complaint is sound quality .	0
works great , no odor , and uses regular bags .	1
the machine itself seems fine , but the software that came with it is awful .	0
i love the camera .	1
the case is strong and stylish , but unfortunately lacks a window ( now a big deal ) .	0
i 've tried the free versions of zone alarm and the free version of skate and they both have a nice and easy installation and work great ! . .	1
excellent picture quality - on par with my pioneer , panasonic , and jv players .	1
this way i never have to be ripped off by the carrier for stupid ringtones , i can get whatever i want .	1
the front door is miss aligned on my unit and you have to manually life it up just so slightly for the door to close , a very annoying thing after ah wile .	0
i expected the 12x digital zoom to be grainy , but on full size high to fine quality , the zoomed images are quite impressive .	1
i 've connected the phone with two laptops and a ipa 4155 .	1
if you bring up an album , but absolutely hate some of the tracks , the zen will allow you to delete that from the playing order .	1
this has so many capabilities that you 'll always have room for new technologies as they evolve .	1
the menu is easy to use and understand .	1
basically the 6600 is a bundle of over-hyped features you don 't and won 't need ( if you do get yourself a pda or pocket pc ) , none of them work as they should , and the basic phone functions and ergonomics are less than average .	0
i 'm sure you can read the specs above to see everything it does , but for me the best thing is that i can easily check my email , movie times , news , or any website with this phone .	1
you won 't need to update your firewall and antivirus separately or install two disks .	1
also if you do manage to get it installed , any problems with liveupdate or with system works will also affect the functionality and/or the process of updating internet security .	0
great camera , great investment ! .	1
diaper champ is great .	1
it fits comfortably in my shirt pocket and while very well-designed , doesn 't look to ostentatious while i 'm walking around with it .	1
it has everything i needed : bluetooth , infrared , support for mmc , camera , and a good operating system with lots of supporting software .	1
1 ) the champ is easy to use .	1
overall i 'm happy with my toy .	1
i am very pleased with its quality and durability .	1
stay away from this product ! .	0
p . s . the only snag i encountered while initially configuring the device was trying to hook up the micro to a front usb port . the bus for the front port on my motherboard did not have enough power ; . after connecting it to the rear ports , it works perfectly .	0
this model appears to be especially good .	1
i really dislike holding a phone to my ear , and i 've found the free speak to be very comfortable and easy to use with this phone .	1
color screen is good .	1
neat feature for self-timer allows you to record two different warnings .	1
in general it is easy to use and well laid out .	1
luckily , with 3 rebates this product will cost me nothing ! . it is indeed worth nothing .	1
all the good reviews for the sd500 are true .	1
the zen micro is near perfect .	1
nice machines , but i consider their quality pretty low now .	0
extremely convenient .	1
with all its complicated features , the menus are easily accessible and the quality of the features is great .	1
i never had a single problem .	1
it 's perfect for those who aren 't planning on storing tons of music .	0
the file ripping/transfering software that comes with the player is easy to use .	1
i would imagine this is a problem with any camera of a compact nature .	0
i thought given all the `` 10 `` reviews about this camera that i would buy it in spite of being a bit pricey .	0
whether you are a novice or an expert , its ease of use and functionality goes together .	1
an extra gig of room , fm radio , voice recorder , pim applications with sync to outlook .	1
symantec should give us all a refund and apology ! .	0
however , configuration of my system and actual setup of the router for wireless use took me more than 3 hours , and briefly made me reconsider my choice to for ego the airport and its notoriously easy setup .	0
i love how small the thing is , and the blue glow - i 've had it for two weeks with no electronic problems at all .	1
as a computer , or pda its weak since the screen , while large by phone standards , is still tiny to really do anything on .	0
the manual mode is feature rich and i can 't wait to get the hang of it .	1
i have yet to try using all of the adjustment options : shutter priority , aperture priority , light metering adjustments , etc . , but all controls are well thought out and and the manual is relatively clear .	1
the adjustment knob seemed ok , but when lowering the router , i have to practically pull it down while turning the knob .	0
it was ( i sold it after a few months ) too expensive for the shots that i got .	0
the zen micro is no exception : in addition to the case , it comes with a neck strap , and has all of the necessary cables for syncing and charging .	1
tough as nails .	1
fact is , it could n 't be easier to use .	1
this is an excellent router for the price .	1
handset quality is great , as is the speakerphone quality and the headset audio quality .	1
i can 't smell anything ( and believe me , this is quite something with my baby ) .	1
it comes with a rechargable battery that does not seem to last all that long , especially if you use the flash a lot .	0
battery life is exceptional , lasting longer than the 8-10 hours that seem reasonable with most music players on the market .	1
i am really impressed by this dvd player .	1
the included fence guide is easy to set up and quite accurate as well .	1
the 4300 is a very durable , compact package , and i find nikon to be a brand that i can trust .	1
when we tried to hook up the first one , it was broken - the motor would not eject discs or close the door .	0
this is not an enterprise piece of hardware that you will find in an office or corporate environment .	0
with the champ all you had to do was drop the dirty diaper into the opening and flip the lid .	1
they play just about everything , but # 2 and # 3 died very shortly after getting them .	0
there is much which has been said in other reviews about the features of this phone , it is a great phone , mine worked without any problems right out of the box .	1
unlike other reviewers , i like the tool because it is easy to operate outside of the router table .	1
( every now and then i spray down the inside of the pail with lysol ) *easy one-hand use *impossible for my inquisitive child to get the dirty diapers out of the pail every now and then odors do escape the pail , but that is rare -- and it usually just means that we 've crammed too much in there and need to change the bag .	1
and best of all , no wasting money on special refill bags -- -this takes ordinary garbage bags ! .	1
it 's easy for beginners to use , but has features that more serious photographers will love , so it 's an excellent camera to grow into .	1
freebies you get : a cradle with detachable stand and belt clip , some thing very handy and useful .	1
if this machine just stops on you , unplug it quickly and get out of the way ! .	0
limitations : - not a lot of original accessories like the ipod .	0
about 10 % of the time it can 't find the device when i attach it to my pc .	0
the possibilities with auto , manual , and the very helpful `` scene `` mode , which offers 11 optimized situational settings like portrait , landscape , beach / snow , sunset etc . , are endless .	1
it is small enough to fit easily in a coat pocket or purse .	1
on the up-side , the phone has amazing battery life .	1
the scroll bar is a bit of a pain .	0
it 's oval and . . . nice .	1
in terms of the shots taken , this camera is insanely great ! .	1
regardless to this fact , i believe the champ is the best way to go .	1
when i took outdoor photos with plenty of light and the objects were n 't moving , the photos were awesome .	1
ive seen em all , the archos , dell , ipods , everything . . . good price and great sound makes this one the best in my opinion .	1
b . fast mediasource cd ripping - takes about 40 seconds for a cd on my pentium 4 pc ( 2 . 4 hz with 1gb ram ) with 52x drive .	1
the only drawback is the viewfinder is slightly blocked by the lens .	0
but , then again , the ringer can be so loud that i heard it ringing inside my office , when i was already out on the street . . .	1
also , the nomad 's 14 hours of battery life versus 8 is handy .	1
- sound quality : excellent , everything you would expect from this company .	1
screen review could be better .	0
the software , which comes with player is not good at all .	0
so i can 't tell you if diaper champ will be as good at containing the formula generated poop smell , but it 's excellent at containing the smell of poop of my breastfed baby ! .	1
removable and cheap battery - a li battery usually works properly for 1-3 years .	1
i think the os and controls are very well thought out and although i 'll admit i was a bit intimidated during my first few hours with the micro , the interface and controls became second nature after the first day or so .	1
forget about the sleek looks if it can 't play some of your real dvds .	0
no need for deodorizers .	1
the only other problem with this router that i have encountered is the plunge action will start to stick , then it needs to be cleaned and lubricated .	0
the buttons and interface are very easy to use .	1
however , symantec has taken a significant turn for the worse with this release .	0
not plug & play ; . relies on id3 ; . no fm or recording	0
i have tried other pails , but none have compared positively to the champ .	1
many people have written about the software being its one downfall , personally i have n 't had a single problem with the software , i 'm running windows me .	1
the latter will provide better coverage in more remote areas of the states but still operates in many countries , excluding new zealand and australia .	1
the sound is awesome , but if u put it too loud , depends on your sound quality , the sound might crack .	1
you can see the lens barrel in the view-finder .	0
overall , if you know what basic steps to take , it was not difficult to connect , and the s/w worked well to connect .	1
whether you are using disposable or cloth diapers , this is the truly the only diaper pail to get ! .	1
if you are new to the market and looking to buy a symantec software product , save yourself some money and buy the 2003 version .	0
i rarely get drawn in by mass-commercialism , but something about the ipod made me say , in the words of lou and andy , `` i want that one ! . `` i was willing to shell out	1
it is heavy enough to make it stable , but not too heavy to preclude hand use .	1
imagine my shock - and absolute instant disdain for any products made by apex .	0
and the phone has a very cool feature which allows you to send images via a normal pop3/smtp e-mail account .	1
overall , i 've been very impressed with the player .	1
the installation software cd crashed repeatedly .	0
this camera uses a lithium battery , i find lithium batteries to be highly inconvenient ; . because what if you are on vacation , where the nearest place to buy batteries is just a gas station -- there is no way that you are going to find lithium batteries there .	0
i have n 't messed with the firmware at all , the player worked perfect for me right out of the box .	1
the diaper champ is so simple that my toddler loves to put his own diapers in the diaper champ and flip over the handle .	1
+battery life is awesome if you upgrade the firmware [ requires a windows pc ] or make sure to always plug the ac adapter into the player before plugging into the outlet +awesome sound quality . . . i mean it is creative right ? .	1
it will read and play all cd audio disc .	1
avoid this product at all costs .	0
have had the player since xmas 's and love it ! .	1
other than that , i think it is the best router for the money .	1
first of all , my calls were loud and clear , unlike with sprint .	1
what a kick butt mp3 machine and the freedom to get songs from a reasonable source , instead of paying for them two or three times , then get the creative zen ipod killer , kiss my ass itunes ! .	1
so sit back , relax and brag to all your friends who paid a mountain of money for a dvd player that can 't do half the things this one can , and for a fraction of the price ! .	1
not a killer problem , but not well done , either .	0
however , it needs to be quite quiet for it to work at all -- dosn 't work at all in the car , for example .	0
it also does n 't have voice activated dialing . big minus ! . ! .	0
i see many other reviews that say the same . . . . stay away from norton , they don 't deserve you , or anyone ! .	0
i must have gotten a good one .	1
it 's a great looking , easy-to-use device but it 's the sound quality which is truly amazing -- far better than my sony mini-disc player .	1
first , i have to say that i have never had the slightest problem with this camera or the software .	1
it has several play options , one of the best is an option to shuffle , based on all or a certain playlist .	1
but the sound is very good ( and loud ) and works well on my portable speakers .	1
i gave up and got a diaper decor .	0
i know the saying is `` you get what you pay for `` but at this stage of game dvd players must have better quality than this - there is no excuse .	0
at works as well as can be expected for products in this space and the company backs it up with good support .	1
the fact that you can assign ringtones to people and/or groups is really cool .	1
i use the regular kitchen trash bags and it is so easy to empty .	1
i 'm easily enlarging pictures to 8 1/2 x 11 with no vi sable loss in picture quality and not even using the best possible setting as yet ( super fine ) .	1
yes there is a corner lens barrel distortion ( i do n 't like it too but no harm done since i always use the cam ea lcd screen to see exactly what i 'm going to get ) in the viewfinder when you do n 't zoom ( when you zoom the lens distortion goes away ) , canon knows this and engineered it that way to minimize the parallax phenomenon ; . that is what lamest exactly ot the picture .	0
and the tech writers have made the installation process so easy for people lick my aunt to follow .	1
this is the fourth version of systemworks and the second version of internet security that i have used and it has always been a favorite .	1
it did also seem to have a strong `` new electronics `` smell for some time .	0
i 've had this thing for less than a month , treated it quite well , never dropped it , and the headphone jack is all screwed up .	0
if compact size is your highest priority in a 2-megapixel camera , the canon powershot s100 digital elph is a standout choice and aptly named for its diminutive design .	1
overall an excellent phone .	1
i upgraded both my card and router and really had no problems with installation on my sony vaio laptop ( xp operating system ) .	1
in the hands of someone who does n 't , it will yield good results on idiot program / auto mode .	1
1 it has all the features an amatuer photo-enthusiast would want .	1
the 2600 had false silver plate instead of play display .	0
the scroll wheel is easy to use and works great for me , however many have complained that the wheel is cumbersome and difficult to operate .	1
i also tend to like the sliding cover/on switch found on many compact ps cameras since it 's much faster and easier to power on if you need to take that instant shot .	1
what i dont like : nothing much except headphones , belt clip design .	0
while the software may not be as easy as i-tunes , it is not difficult to use by any stretch .	0
you even can not navigate by genre / artist / album since under genre you get just all tracks in that genre , no other division .	0
if someone asked me flat out , i 'd say to go woth something else .	0
overall the phones fantastic , and i would have given it 5 stars , but its not perfect .	1
i find all of the controls well-placed and not flimsy in the least .	1
this phone is great as a whole and is not like others with one or two good qualities .	1
best electronic i 've bought since i was born .	1
navigation is a bit tricky and takes getting used to but the included pdf instructions cover the operation pretty well .	0
on the positive side , the sound of the player is pretty good , once you have everything configured .	1
you can move the focus range to almost anywhere in the scene with the push of a button , and it has an on-screen manual focus mode that would be really helpful if shooting a scene that is tough to automatically focus .	1
i just bought this player today and i already love it .	1
the camera was a marvel .	1
the touch pad is over-sensitive , and is adjustable to only slightly oversensitive .	0
for instance , i made several back-ups of my dvd movies using dvd-r ( w ) and + r ( w ) and it plays the dvds .	1
yes , the 1-800 number probably redirected me to someone in india , but the guy was easy to understand , and he helped solve the problem .	1
it would have been much nicer if it had a window so you could see the screen , and if the button did n 't cover up the ac jack .	0
this is also the case with nis 2004 .	1
it has a classic design yet looks hip .	1
i then tried to set up the router through linksys 's browser interface , but as the only instructions available tell you to use the installation cd , i had little luck - i did manage to connect briefly , but the connection kept dropping , and with no idea of how to resolve that issue , i gave up .	0
the highest optical zoom pictures are perfect .	1
it took me three days , to the tune of neil young 's song `` piece of cr -- ! . `` , to get this to work with the satellite hookup i was hired to connect this wireless network up to .	0
however , it has failed to deliver on quality .	0
there 's even an equalizer ( under `` settings `` ) that allows you to adjust the sound for acoustic , bass booster , bass reducer , classical , dance , `` deep `` , and electronic .	1
they have a whole bunch of devices that all have the same-sounding name ( and they are long ) .	0
i simply hate symantec . i swear , if i could have physically ripped that software out of my computer with my bare , bleeding hands , i would have .	0
and man . . . i had to work to put my chinese songs on the player . . . because i had the actual chinese names of the songs as the title . .	0
the picture rs are amazing .	1
the blue light also makes this player one of the most fashionable in the market also .	1
this phone won me over , and a big seller was the size ; . it fits nicely into any pocket without falling out .	1
third , the poor design continues with the case .	0
the camera is adequate and if i want high-res photos i 'll use my digital camera instead .	1
i 've had it for about 2 weeks and it 's the best player i 've seen , and used , ever .	1
other mp3 players won 't give you the sonic clarity of the zen at this compression level , so i imagine they won 't at lower ones , either .	1
i have to move pictures off of it every day so i have room for more pictures the next , and i don 't have enough money to buy the 256 meg card that i 've had my eye on for a while .	0
there isn 't much features on the ipod at all , except games .	0
the guide fence for freehand routing is well made and solid .	1
with a quick spin of the dial you can select shutter priority ( for high speed subjects ) , aperture priority ( for focal length ) or full program mode where the camera selects both for ideal photo quality .	1
this isn 't uncommon in cameras , though , just as long as you bring your charger and spare batteries , you should be fine .	0
combine this with the excellent price we got in the gold box , and i 'm really happy .	1
nothing but hassle with this company .	0
the touchpad is annoying sometimes ( give me the click-wheel and pres sable buttons any day ) , but not at all as difficult to get over as other people are saying .	0
- the replacable battery is great since once it eventually wears out ( as all lithium batteries do ) , you will be able to buy another easily .	1
the radio works excellent in my area , i 'm not sure everywhere else .	1
the collet for the 1/4 inch bits is a pain to get in and even harder to get out .	0
unfortunately , after loading 280 + songs , all i get now is `` player either not connected or busy . ``	0
also , some other mp3 players such as the nitrus allow you to play wma ( windows media audio ) files , whereas the ipod does not .	0
in fact , i liked it so much after using it with my son who is now 2 years old , that i bought one for our new baby 's room .	1
i can 't rate it one star only because when it does work it 's pretty good .	0
very sturdy and strong .	1
really happy with this little camera .	1
although the supplied software can be annoying at times , on whole it is excellent .	1
a couple of times a week it seems to cease access to the internet .	0
the fact that the `` 0 `` key is the space key for text input is a bit confusing , as many phones use the `` # `` key instead .	0
the software has been installed on windows 95 , 98 , 2000 and xp and i haven 't had any problems with it .	1
however , the battery life isn 't as good as i would like .	0
this is the first cell phone i 've owned , and overall , i am quite pleased with it .	1
the reception and sound quality are top-notch .	1
of course , i was hesitant given the price , but i 've been extremely impressed since receiving it , and bought a second one as a christmas present for my parents .	1
noiseless , lightweight and oh yeah .	1
still , that 's enough time that i 'm still satisfied , if a bit grouchy with creative 's over hyped promises .	0
the 30gb zen xtra rocks my socks , spills my beer , but does n 't wash my car .	1
it 's easier and much more convenient to use because it doesn 't have clumsy and confusing ( not to mention expensive ) refills .	1
i can keep one hand on my baby and dump the diaper at the same time , it is that simple .	1
navigation is so smooth and finding files is a cinch .	1
so far the software for the pc works easily .	1
it is slow to initially start up , but once it 's turned on , i 've never had any complaints about the speed .	1
i 've had this thing just over a month and the headphone jack has already come loose .	0
this program would not let me send outlook email or listen to audible sample books online .	0
i recommend unreservedly the powershot g3 to any potential buyer looking for a first-class digital camera at a reasonable price - there is no better camera out there - period ! .	1
the sound is bright and clear , the ability to store any mp3 's ( and not just apple-approved files ) is great , and i plan to make use of the storage space and sound recording from time to time .	1
	0
20 gb or 40 gb ? . the pros of the 40 gb : comes with a `` dock station `` and double storage space ( 10 , 000 songs ) .	1
it takes great pictures , operates quickly , and feels solid .	1
to eliminate any smells we simple stuck a stick up room deodorizer inside the lid .	0
the earbud headphones are really nice .	1
built like a tank , yet nimble enough to be comfortably used with the leigh dovetail jig .	1
great sound ; . good interface ; . replaceable , powerful battery ; . good software ; . wake-up , sleep timers ; . multiple play modes	1
i decided to go with the diaper champ rather than the more popular diaper genie , because i didn 't like the idea of having to buy special bags .	1
very comfortable camera , easy to use , and the best digital photos you 're going to get at this price .	1
the headphones are not very comfortable , but most people have a certain style they like so just go buy new ones or keep the ones you have .	0
the screen is easily scratched but if you have the warranty you should be able to swap it out .	0
the 6600 has more amenities than most - world phone , camera ( vga/zoom/night mode/timer ) , video ( w/ audio & zoom ) , speaker ( good sound ) , bluetooth , infrared , modem for computers , electronic wallet , internet access , calendar , calculator , converter and more .	1
3 ) with mediasource being so easy , i found no use for the bundled nomad explorer software .	0
+ screen was good , easy to read	1
the creative zen micro , at first glance , is a dream come true for all mp3 and music lovers .	1
at 128 the songs sound very good .	1
given that i already have the zen the only reason i am happy with it is because of the notmad software .	1
you could take a picture of a stone glinting in the sun and still avoid the shining glaze and get the contours right .	1
but anyway , the only thing you should really look at here is the fact that the phone does have voice dialing .	1
this thing does everything but washes your dishes .	1
on the t-mobile service i was able to take pics as we drove across i-70 and email them to family & friends once we reached a t-mobile tone ( usually a major city ) .	1
only slight negatives i 've had so far is that i haven 't been able to get it to accept any of my wav files yet .	0
all in all , the diaper champ serves its purpose , but it does not live up to its good reviews .	0
the software with the ipod includes itunes , which allows you to play the music on your computer , rip cds onto your computer , and move your music from the computer to the ipod .	1
fits well in hand in trouser pockets .	1
4 ) usb 2 . 0 means fast data transfers ( 1 song / sec ! . ) .	1
the only free help you get is in renewing your subscription ! .	1
apex is the best cheap quality brand for dvd players .	1
my only complaint would be that you need id3 tags & that takes a while to do if your mp3 files do n 't have them .	0
i like some local stations , stern , and npr , and so the radio seemed like a great option .	1
but , it seems to work so well now , that i do n 't anticipate any problems with it .	1
the stand that comes with it is very useful to prop it up on the desk .	1
but this camera is great ! .	1
my ipod freezes occasionally , which is especially annoying when you 're in the middle of a game of `` brick . `` *	0
the design , as mentioned above , is sleek , cool and trendy ( and i think trendy = good , but it 's always hard to tell these days ) .	1
multimedia functions are enhanced by multi-slide mms messages and a gallery for organizing digital content captured or downloaded with the phone .	1
it is a perfect phone in such a small and appealing package .	1
the dvd player does not work properly .	0
the g3 has a different type of battery charging system from the smaller canon cameras : the battery needs to be charged while in the camera , but the charging system also enables you to use the camera while plugged in without running down the battery .	1
there are really easy directions for setup and fiddling around with the picture , zoom etc .	1
the bags attach inside the champ easily and all one has to do is cram the diaper down and flip the handle .	1
i like this router a whole lot better the linksys 11b router it replaced -- the signal strength seems ot be much strainers , seldom falling below the `` very good `` range ( and most often excellent within 25-50 feet of the router .	1
my case doesnt close . . . maybe mine was just faulty , but the case isnt that great .	0
we just use the glad tall kitchen trash can bags with odor shield from target and they work wonderfully .	1
the support has been less than impressive , considering the cost .	0
it is exceedingly simple to navigate around in this device .	1
for a price that 's still less than even the lowest level ipod i was able to get this 40gb monster , and the best part is it works as great as it was advertised to and then some .	1
when the screen stops working , you 're out of luck ! .	0
we don 't have to worry about running out of refills with this diaper pail ! .	1
it really is the perfect travel camera , plus it offers the convenience of digital photography .	1
it wo n 't play all of my movies .	0
when you put this phone in your pocket you forget it is there ; . it is unbelievably small and oh , so light .	1
besides the one problem , this machine is amazing ! .	1
zen allows you to scroll up and down the song list selected on the player .	1
my favorite thing about the nomad is the eax feature .	1
i have the black one and adore it .	1
i was some what sceptically when i seen the price deference between the other makers of comparable hp .	0
i spent hours setting up the stations ( accepts about 13-14 , i believe ) , though the reception is unpredictable .	0
i like the size and shape .	1
5 . the price is right .	1
the only thing i 'm concerned about is the quality / longevity of the buttons on the thing .	0
3 months of use and it no longer recognizes anything .	0
easy enough to navigate through , although i 'd prefer a sturdier button besides the thumb wheel scroll / push button .	1
i first used the router in the free hand mode and liked it a lot .	1
i just went on a quick photo shoot in nyc 's central park today , and what a bunch of beautiful photos i took , if i do say so myself ( and i do ! . )	1
sure it had all the features , but when i tried to shoot a girl 's basketball game it just wan 't up to the task .	0
1 month , no problems , great phone i 'm very pleased with my 6610 phone .	1
it works easily with one hand , which is important .	1
i had the second one for less than two weeks when i noticed a rattling/humming/buzzing sound while music was played .	0
the day finally arrived when i was sure i 'd leave sprint .	0
the ease of use of the ipod is a major attribute .	1
i was willing to live with the larger size ( inconvenient on the road ) but the durability was a big zero .	0
but not good enough for me .	0
but the product is elf is great .	1
t-mobile is trying very hard , and again -- they do have pretty good csr 's .	1
feels solid in hand .	1
as for the zen micro : \ cons : i read that every button is touch sensitive , and thats very annoying when all the main buttons are on the front .	0
i have tried several times to contact apex digital through their on-line support site and their telephone line , but they wo n 't answer my emails and their telephone line is always busy .	0
there is no fm tuner , while there is no fm tuner on the creative zen ( on the micro version of the zen there is a tuner ) , the iriver h10-20gb , the rio karma , and the audio x5 have fm tuners .	0
the software comes with plenty of defaults genres .	1
i am extremely satisfied with this camera .	1
you of course have some good customization options with the unit as well ( sound presets , navigating options , playlists , etc ) .	1
in that model the hard drive just died one morning before my class .	0
the karma doesn 't look as sexy but it 's interface is very efficiently designed .	0
it 's so small .	1
it has fm radio option and i can listen to music anytime .	1
and it holds so much music and audio files .	1
when the router is working it is a very nice machine for the money .	1
it has it all .	1
- the software that came with it was tough to load .	0
i was looking for a compact , rugged ( i carry it hiking , skiing , boating , etc ) camera which is easy to use .	1
i have to say i 'm also pretty impressed by the user interface for playing jpeg , mp3 and mpeg files stored on cd-rs / dvds .	1
the camera and video functionality is decent , i can 't see myself wasting my time with it , but some people will .	1
with this mp3 player you get much more memory for much less than an ipod .	1
took hundreds of pictures and they were great .	1
good color and very little needed to correct photos on paint shop pro .	1
the games are decent , but u only get 2 to start off with .	1
decent battery -- on the average size , but the 40gb comes with a dock .	1
while light , it will not easily go in small handbags or pockets .	0
however , this ultracompact allows the photographer to personalize his or her shooting preferences through a variety of preset and user definable modes .	1
my friends were impressed with the quality of the pictures i took ! .	1
1 ) quite bulky ( it 's about the same size as my minolta vectors s-1 aps slr ) and uses a heavy battery , although not very solid as it is contracted mostly of plastic ( unlike canon 's elph line )	0
and bluetooth does not drain the battery as quick as i thought it would , i usually can go 1 . 5 days with bluetooth on along with making calls before i need a full recharge .	1
1-a cell phone is to make calls , in other words , quality of reception and mic/speaker are the most important , the 6600 has a relatively low volume speaker , you 'd have to press it hard against your ear to hear anything the other person is saying , unless the surroundings were completely quiet .	0
while i would like to give it 3 . 5 stars instead of 4 , i gave it a 4 because it has run well for me during the time i have owned it .	1
well just one con - its not really plug and play at first i mean its very confusing to start the program but one you do it , it will be a breeze .	0
i have only used it with the 1/4 `` collet and a 1/2 `` round over bit , but i love how it starts up with little torque and runs very quietly .	1
i purchased this over the ipod mini because it had several nice features : extra 1g storage , wma support , replaceable battery , and especially that it wasn 't an apple product with their proprietary architecture .	1
the flaw is in the circuit board that the headphone jack is connected to .	0
but about 25 % of dvd 's i 've played on it have a problem , when watching a movie the picture will freeze , but the dvd still plays , and eventually the picture kicks back in after skipping a few moments .	0
i will also say that it takes a very long moment for the camera to do its digital image processing between the time you press the button and when the camera actually takes the picture .	0
this is somewhat annoying , but from working with computers ( especially windows -- ugh . . . )	0
we 've never experienced odor from the pail .	1
best of all the wmas ( i have a lot of them ) sound great .	1
i have no problem using itunes with the zen micro ( in a makeshift sorta way ) .	1
i really do recommend this to anyone in need of a new player .	1
the main advantage of this system over its predecessor is the ability to open a wider pipeline between clients .	1
the person on the other end of the call can hear you perfectly .	1
-user 's guide doesn 't cover a lot of important info that is covered on their website .	0
this is one of the best purchases we made .	1
i do like this phone overall ( would give it a 3 . 5 ) , but unfortunately , i am returning it .	1
we resorted to using small plastic bags to store the dirty diapers and dumping them in a trash can and using the diaper champ for wet diapers only .	0
the headphone jack gave out after only a couple weeks of use , and the stock earbuds were replaced same day with some high end sony 's i 'd been having .	0
its easy to use and the sheer fun of being able to use an array of nikon accessories like the telephoto and wide-angle lenses is the proverbial icing on the cake .	1
the new organizer software that ships with the nomad zen xtra could n 't be easier to use .	1
the leather case it comes with is pretty nice , similar to a pda style case and does hold and protect it perfectly .	1
i love this player and would probably go with creative labs again .	1
go for the champ .	1
one good thing , it is 40 gb of disk space ( well , it is 38 gb in reality ) .	1
it 's far better than all others on the market .	1
second , it is incredibly easy to use .	1
at first glance , i thought this phone was a little too big for me , maybe a little too complicated .	0
the only downside i have found with this phone is that it is a bit slow to react , meaning when i push the contacts button , it takes a while to load , this is true for almost all the menus and programs on the phone .	0
they say that they are the best pictures they have ever see from a compact .	1
travel with it without knowing you have it in your pocket	1
i got this camera for an unbelievably low price at amazon .	1
navigation system - the zen xtra uses id3 tags that are embedded in the mp3 files to organize your songs .	0
the metal housing seems very rugged .	1
it 's oftentimes hard to get a good grip on the router , activate the chuck lock , and get enough muscle behind the wrench to get the collet loosened up .	0
there are no spec ail bags to deal with or buy ! .	1
im at full capacity ! . ! . ! . ! . i called syman tic and they said they don 't know why but i should get tech 's support at $ 35/hr to help ! . ! . i did call them and was on hold for 55 minutes until i hung up ! .	0
i purchased this phone knowing it was slightly old as compared to the newer models of nokia phones available .	0
another thing i like about this camera is the way that you can swap colors around and the impressive video quality i would advise any person in the market for a camera to pay the little extra on the hefty $ 500 price tag and get a quality camera .	1
1 . the diaper champ doesn 't require special refills that are expensive and hard to find ! .	1
the picture quality surprised me , when i first saw this camera i saw how small it was an instantly assumed that the picture quality would not be good -- but i was wrong ! .	1
as it turns out , this is an awesome camera ! .	1
but it ; . you won 't regret it .	1
opening the champ to empty out the bag is a little tricky- i pinched my thumb a few times before i got the hang of it .	0
the ipod mini is smaller and sexier , albeit limited in supported formats and the rio karma is a far better value .	0
if you want a sharp looking , fast digital camera and you don 't need or want manual controls , then this is the camera for you ! .	1
there is no way you can talk with customer care about this .	0
the entire unit was poorly crafted .	0
long live apple , long live macs , and long live the ipod ! .	1
5 . the zen does not have a stop button ! .	0
owner 's manual has substandard troubleshooting guide .	1
great quality picture and features .	1
i have not played with all the features yet , but the camera is easy to use once you get used to it .	1
many of our disney movies do n 't play on this dvd player .	0
well i have to say that this product is very good i mean it might be a little big but it still fits in your pocket .	1
the headphone earbuds are average , so just use your regular pair instead .	1
pi ii 1ghz 512mb rd ram windows xp pro 80gb hd i was able to uninstall nis 2003 and install nis 2004 with no trouble .	1
one of my favorite features about the player is its ability to sync to windows media player .	1
also , i have not had trouble reading svcds that i created and br mp3 cds ( my old apex ad-1200 had trouble with these ) .	1
if you are looking for an upgrade , this is definitely the phone for you .	1
i am very pleased so far .	1
the color screen makes this free-after-rebates phone shine bright , and commands are very responsive .	1
3 ) the lack of an intermediate resolution setting , as other reviewers have suggested , is a problem , but that problem is meaningless with a larger compactflash memory card	0
i tried to use the fm radio option , but it doesn 't seem to really pick up the stations i listen , however i am going to try it in a different location , it may have just been my residential location .	0
anyway , my wife got this for me for my birthday and i love the thing .	1
i found that low light situations combined with any sort of action left this camera in the dust .	0
the other day when i was listening to a song , it locked up and will not do anything now .	0
every time nomad thinks the file is corrupt the os freezes .	0
update : the finish is more `` mirror `` than silver -- and i like it ! .	1
the fm tuner , the 5g of storage , and the removable disk are all great features .	1
if you have an older version of `` internet security `` installed , you may also need to remove it as well before proceeding with systemworks install .	0
plus , the fact that it used regular trash bags is great .	1
however , in my mind , $ 299 is a lot to pay for a device that will only last 18 months .	0
other than the fact that one can 't delete a file directly from the ipod , the interface is excellent and mind-numbingly simple to use .	1
unfortunately it can 't play all of the dvd .	0
the viewfinder does not accurately represent the picture being taken .	0
and the firewall came with a wizard which made it effortless to configure it to my lan .	1
i never get dropped calls .	1
it 'll make life a lot easier , and preclude you from having to give this product a negative review .	1
it also lets you remove songs from the play order .	1
- light , compact design	1
the controls are on the side instead of on the front , which i like , because that 's where my thumb is when i hold the thing ! .	1
1 ) great sound ( > 98db signal-to-noise ratio beats ipod 's `` unspecified `` ratio ) and good power output allow the zen xtra to drive large head-phones as well as external speakers .	1
this is a perfect blend to accomplish both tasks .	1
a distinct ipod relation is evident with white colored cables , power plug and the very nice zen case with a white rubber inside covering .	1
little to no networking experience , just in case the automatic cd method has issues .	0
seriously ! . i love it ! .	1
using your own bags is much cheaper and convenient .	1
in minutes i was easily navigating through the menus .	1
i know this unit will have problems in the future and the $ 40 for the 2 year `` no questions asked `` replacement warranty will be worth it , since creative will only warrant it for 90 days - which in itself is totally ridiculous ! .	0
it fits in your pocket .	1
the flash is surprisingly good and even the video quality is excellent .	1
i 've used the speakerphone for almost two hours once and the battery did not even go down one single bar .	1
my other nit is that it didn 't include at least some kind of carrying case for everything .	0
3/4 way through the first disk we played on it ( naturally on 31 days after purchase ) the dvd player froze .	0
it has a nice color screen .	1
the use of 65536 ( 16bit ) colors ensures you get your share of animations and icons on your phone	1
i use this with a home theater system and it 's amazing how it sounds , the picture clarity is unmatched ! .	1
setup is totally breeze and linksys 's web site is pretty easy to navigate .	1
we bought this about 6 months ago and it 's been worthless .	0
yes the included earphones suck but everyone replaces them anyway .	0
the optical zoom is awesome , and the viewfinder reflects the settings of the zoom .	1
having usb 2 . 0 makes for very fast transfers .	1
it has the odd side effect of the buttons only partially working ? .	0
because other people that complain about this player are talking bull , this player is awesome , it just breaks fast , which is horrible .	1
the powershot g3 is a great camera .	1
sound quality : the ipod 's sound quality is pretty good .	1
for looks , well ipod is head and shoulders better , both the iriver and creative zen look positively ugly when next to a gleaming ipod .	1
i 've had nokia 's for years , and while this one is packed with whiz bang features it is disappointing for its primary use - a phone .	0
all the buttons & necessary lil ' gadgets are on the sides of the player which is nice for when you are holding it in the palm of your hand .	1
the handsfree provided by the phone is useful for those who talk on the phone while driving .	1
this fixes some glitches such as the player freezing .	0
its ability to record radio is useful as well , but would have been more so if it could be preset .	1
i have had this player for 3 months and have been able to see a total of 6 dvd 's , after the frustration and aggravation of getting the player to do it 's job .	0
this one has a good looking .	1
9 3x built-in optical zoom is a lot for this price range .	1
the auto-mode is good enough for most shots but the 4300 also boasts 12 versatile scene modes as well as a manual mode though i admit i have n 't played with it too much on manual .	1
works great ! .	1
i hooked the linksys wireless router up to a broadband connection which is running at a maximum of 700 plus kilobytes on the download e ! .	1
sound - excellent polyphonic ringing tones are very nice ( check cons ) it also doubles as a radio , which is a nice feature when you are bored .	1
compatibility with other devices is excellent too ; . i 've only found one 11b device that won 't work with its mixed mode ( and it won 't work with *anyone 's* mixed mode ) .	1
the nikon coolpix 4300 is wonderful -- easy to use , high quality , and compact in size .	1
i 've only had it a week , but so far , everything about this camera is making me happy .	1
size - extremely small and convenient will fit in your pocket and not bother you .	1
i find this feature on this phone useless , but , since i don 't really need this function anyway , i don 't really use it .	0
i 've had it for a week now , do n 't regret the purchase one bit , and i never leave home without it .	1
proven canon built quality and lens .	1
the soft start is a tremendous help for this type of operation .	1
the panorama setting is unbelievable ! .	1
i got this thing for christmas and i have been very happy with it ever since .	1
i was fortunate to get the packaging that still included all the accessories ( desk stand/hard case , belt clip , wall charger , etc ) .	1
this did manage to cut the number of pop ups during start-up from 4 down to 2 .	1
tech support from apex is literally - nonexistent .	0
ring tones only come with crazy songs and annoying rings , there is only one ring that sounds close to a regular ring .	0
firewire & usb2 . 0 -- for those fortunate enough to have firewire400 , your in for a real treat with auto sync .	1
the zen has minimal stoppage between tracks ; . when listening to music that continues from one track to the next the gap is just a hesitation - a slightly audible click ; . if i am not listening for the progress from one track to the next i do n 't even notice the click .	1
i still have over 19gb left , and already have over 200 cd 's on it .	1
overall i like the unit .	1
it did play a dvd-r which was unplayable in my older philips machine .	1
you do get 1 more gb than an ipod mini .	1
the display is awesome , you can see everything you want and read it clearly	1
each battery lasts about 10-11 hours .	1
the battery power discharges rapidly especially on using the web browser .	0
to set up the box , wap , and ether nest bridge , with the encryption on was less then 30 mins .	1
the first night i got this phone i put it next to me when i went to bed just to listen to my favorite music station and the handset itself doesnt weight anything its too light and feel so comfy with it .	1
battery life is about 1/4 of that advertised , no operators manual available for any of the nomad zen players ( on or off-line ) , occasional software lockups , replacement battery is expensive	0
it does have a lense cap , but it wo n 't let you take pics with it on which is real good .	1
solid , squeak-free , large screen .	1
other than that it is all the same except the new updates .	0
the edge guide is top quality , easy to install and accurate .	1
also i like the position of all the controls and the fact that it doesn 't have any extra knobs or gizmo 's .	1
and it is extremely well-priced for what you 're getting .	1
i mean , they 're short ! .	0
my favorite features , although there are many , are the speaker phone , the radio and the infrared .	1
i thought it was kind of steeply priced at that time .	0
the phone book is very user-friendly and the speakerphone is excellent .	1
speaker phone quality is good , and poping in a 512mb mmc card , it rocks ! .	1
this is definitely one of those products , especially as the company is leaning more towards making a profit .	0
ok , not quite everything . . . but this camera is so compact that you will have it by your side when you need it .	1
5 ) bluetooth wireless technology , so that i can transfer data to and from my computer without messing with any cables .	1
for the first few weeks , this player was everything i expected it to be , an affordable multi-format dvd player with a stylish slim case as advertised .	1
this camera is great , wonderfully small , and has attractive hi-tech casing .	1
the fact that this model would play jpeg slide shows was a big plus for me as a visual artist , and i discovered by accident ( it is not mentioned anywhere in the literature ) that it will play mpeg1 files on a regular cd-r data disk without vcd formatting .	1
this really is a great little phone ; . its got nice features , a beatiful screen , great ergonomics , and its tiny ! .	1
track # , name , artist , album and genre is automatically-retrieved via internet-labeled , and properly categorized into the zen .	1
no matter the format .	1
games -- not really important , but exist ant	1
camera is a paper weight .	1
nis 2003 worked like a charm last year .	1
technology wise , i think this is awesome plus the speaker makes it even great ! . ! . ! . ! . i love this phone ! . ! . ! .	1
battery life keeps improving on the ipod , and a new ipod will give you up to twelve hours of play time , per charge .	1
what disappoints me the most that a software like that is not cheap gets zero support form symantec , if you want support , they 'll charge you a fee ! .	0
cons : no am/fm radio tuner -- something a large number of compete tors are doing	0
the design of the col lets is excellent and far exceeds any of the craft man ( toy/junk ) routers i have previously purchased .	1
you actually can talk to a real person for support in under an hour ! . ) .	1
it is some protection for the unit , but for use ability , forget it .	0
unless you have an enormous music/audio book library , the 20 gb model should have more than adequate storage capacity , with a stated ability to hold 5000 songs .	1
if you are using linux , and you want to use gprs to connect to the net , i suggest this phone along with a belkin usb bluetooth adapter .	1
the 6600 was the best phone i could find with these options that i could get with t-mobile .	1
will never purchase apex again .	0
i have it for a week now , and this camera has exceeded my expectations .	1
it 's easy to transfer , preview , and organize files .	1
the moveable lcd screen is great .	1
there are 2 things that need fixing first is the battery life . it will run for 6 hrs without problems with medium usage of the buttons .	0
no vibration ! .	1
even during the firmware updates my roommates did not loose wireless connectivity .	1
on occasion i 'm not able to connect to the phone with isync via bluetooth but i found that rebooting the phone seems to solve this problem .	0
just bought one & i 've enjoyed it to date .	1
it 's still one of the smallest 2mp digital cameras on the market , and absolutely one of the best-built most stylish cameras ever .	1
it sure does ! .	1
unfortunately , the 6610 does not offer voice dialing like my previous phone , but the other features it packs outweighs this shortcoming .	0
another great feature for me anyway is the ability to load . wav sounds as ringers .	1
the package also comes with a usb cable , an ac adapter , a pair of headphones ( they 're okay until you get a better pair ) , a stand , and a microfiber pouch to carry your zen touch in .	1
i can use it as a modem for my computer , connect with clients and friends , the possibilities are endless .	1
i sent creative customer service 3 emails in which they did not help me one bit and don 't seem to even want to help .	0
the size is small ( just a little bit bigger than an i-pod . )	1
the only problem i had was a small glitch with t-mobile .	0
the wrt54g offers excellent security features and much more ( and easier ) configuration menu that i didn 't even need a manual to setup correctly .	1
ease of use/design : the ipod is a very easy to use mp3 player , and if you can 't figure this out , you shouldn 't even own one .	1
overall , it 'll make my move that much easier knowing i don 't have to worry about connectivity .	1
in fact , each of my creative mp3 players had software problem in the first place .	0
it 's cute as anything and the glowing blue led looks super cool around the edges .	1
i haven 't tried to set up any advanced features on the router , but it is not difficult to set up for basic use .	1
this is an excellent router for the money .	1
while going for a cellphone , i was fully determined to buy a nokia only as it is the best in cellphones .	1
seems the `` program scan `` feature did not find the exe file for outlook ! .	0
what a junk .	0
during install , nis would either freeze or not reboot properly when asked to do so .	0
otherwise , get a smaller single speed router , which will be much easier to use freehand and is all you need for smaller diameter bits .	0
yes , the picture quality and features which are too numerous to mention are unmatched for any camera in this price range .	1
very sleek & stylish as well as the screen options and visuals it has .	1
very good balance in the hands and lighter than most 3 1/4 hp models .	1
i did not have any of the installation problems that people highlighted here .	1
sometimes when you press buttons , the menu appears after a second or two .	0
i wo n 't go into the details here , as the online sites ( steve 's digicams , previews ) go into great depth in their reviews , but i am very pleased with the features , the speed , the picture quality , the flexibility , the automation , and the functional conveniences this camera offers .	1
this phone is one of the best i 've ever used .	1
respectable , solid , but not awe-inspiring .	0
- the flywheel you use for most of the navigation was n 't in tightly and it was uneven as far as the amount of pressure to make it engage .	0
. the movie clips taken will always have some ' noise ' in it - you can 't avoid that .	0
where close to 12 hours but at least it is replaceable ( and they included a second one free ) .	0
this camera was affordable , very easy to learn , and produces spectacular images .	1
loading cds was somewhat time-consuming , but i think it would have been with the ipod as well .	0
this unit was working fine for the 1st month and a half and then the color signal disappeared .	0
well , my second one is now beginning to hi cup a bit after about 1 1/2 years .	0
8mb for a camera like this is a joke .	0
i love this camera ! .	1
with one of the most intuitive user-interfaces around , seamless bluetooth sync with microsoft outlook , support for thousands of applications for the symbian platform which this phone runs on ( i own the ir remote , iq and a few others ) , the nokia 6600 is all of the above - one of the few phones from t-mobile that can claim such a distinction .	1
now he res the stuff you should know starting with the good things : the screen is really big and the blue light in the back is perfect , fast as hell in music transfer , controls are easy to use after mastering the scroll button , great sound and ive heard many mp3 players , a ton of different equalizer type deals on here .	1
after getting one for christmas from amazon , i 'm now a believer : the digital elph is truly the world 's smallest digital camera that shoots great pictures .	1
i had a question about the pros and cons of turning off the norton firewall vs . the windows firewall , and waited 45 minutes to speak with a tech support representative because i did not have a `` customer priority id number . ``	0
especially for the price amazon gives it at ( i was unable to get mine through amazon due to some credit complications ) .	1
you can do other different things with it such as choose what kind of `` now playing `` interface , you can see the interface as modern or classical .	1
who wants to pay $ 30 to discuss a defect in a product that just cost $ 95 ? . ( i also bought the back-up cd ) .	0
get great themes and wallpapers for this phone and many many polyphonic rings .	1
- well-backlit keypad	1
the setup was a breeze , i had some reservations about a wireless network ( see my review for linksys wet11 ) but this item was on sale as well as the wet11 so i just had to splurge .	1
they could be more comfortable , but no complaints in the sound department .	1
the only downside i see is that it does n 't look like you can manage playlists from the nomad , it has to be done from the computer .	0
if you hold down the scroll wheel too long ( which is common if you have a lot of songs to sort through ) , it will get `` stuck `` rapidly going through the songs and wo n 't stop until several seconds after you let your finger off of it .	0
simply , the canon g3 is the best digital camera out there today at this price point .	1
this is quite simply the best you can ask for .	1
look at the size of it ! .	1
all in all , it 's a good router if you don 't have the cash for a speed booster one .	1
bottom line , well made camera , easy to use , very flexible and powerful features to include the ability to use external flash and lense / filters choices .	1
the sd500 rivals the canon g6 in image quality .	1
the battery holds a charge for a very long time ( maybe 15 or so hours of use ) so realistically there are no real range or endurance issues associated with ipod use .	1
this holds alot and does not take up alot of space .	1
do n 't buy this player .	0
the software is very easy to use , and within 30 minutes of opening my box , i was out and about listening to any one of my 80 cds .	1
but i had to give you four because the service for my brand-new ipod was terribly slow .	0
this has happened with several different dvd 's and occasionally if we keep trying something , it will work when it did not work one time before .	0
i found it intuitive to use ( i did n 't read any documentation for it and was using it successfully within a few minutes ) .	1
some dvd 's i rented would not play .	0
this phone is very user-friendly , easy to manipulate & # 38 ; . very convenient to scroll in menu etc .	1
door broke after a month .	0
i was worried about what the sound quality would be like , but that seems to be just as good as the actual cd sound .	1
you 'll love it ! .	1
digital zoom is clear too . . . say you used all 3x optical zoom , try to do digital zoom then . . . just try not to shake the camera at all and you 'll still get a clear good quality picture	1
well surely this is a product that i recommend someone in getting rather than any other mp3 player ( at that size and the price ) .	1
on the fly play list creation , address book , removable storage drive capabilities , sound recorder , the list goes on people , this thing is literally so chalked full of goodies , it was like halloween all over again .	1
strong points : - design : small , comfortable , curved , and stylish .	1
i checked out the amazon reviews and i 'm pleased to say mine worked , works , fine right out of the box .	1
the hole to put the diaper in needs to be larger as i am now using medium diapers ( i have a 3 month old ) and they 're on the brink of being too large to fit no matter how compact i make then and how un-soiled they are .	0
two , the single wrench just doesn 't work well .	0
( it had locked up multiple times previously , but always managed to work after wards ) this time , the touch screen wouldn 't respond to me and none of the buttons worked .	0
however , it is much bigger , bulkier , and heavier than my other router and i would not like to use it freehand ( i keep it mounted in a table ) .	0
1 . it uses regular garbage bags instead of brand refills .	1
3 . mediasource is an application with serious user interface flaws .	0
i tried disabling the various components provided with this product , paring it all the way back to anti-virus only service . . . and saw no improvement .	0
the pictures are razor-sharp , even in macro .	1
apex 's website is down and they wo n 't answer their phone .	0
i 'd give it 5 stars if the automatic modes were better and if there were true manual focus and exposure modes .	0
i thought it was just the player , but then i started checking the discs to find that the apex 2600 is actually ruining my media .	0
( batteries last longer too ! . )	1
unfortunately , the player would not read any of my region one dvds . even though they were not damaged in any way .	0
you can take pictures seconds after you turn the camera on . . . literally ! .	1
i 've owned this router for over 8 years and am somewhat satisfied with it .	1
apex ad-2600 runs all the dvd media including dvd + r/rw and dvd-r / rw ( unlike sony or panasonic - one supports only + r/rw and another supports - r/rw ) .	1
all of this said [ as it 's on it 's way back to amazon ] , the one song it did include provided far better sound than the ipod .	1
the biggest red flag for me was the fact that although my cousin 's player was relatively new , it was riddled with scratches .	0
the songs recorded with fm are as good as the original signal .	1
we hardly ever have to charge them , get great reception ( live in chicago ) , and the customization and applications are awesome .	1
this radio receives fairly decent reception but not nearly as good as a normal radio , but as long as the stations are coming in clearly the phone 's radio should work perfectly .	1
it has enough power to hog out all the material in one pass , but i usually take multiple to prevent blowout and a smoother finish .	1
the bass treble the sound detail is aw some .	1
update i knew that i loved the champ , and using the diaper genie at a friend 's house really reinforced that ! .	1
in short , the nokia 6600 is an evolution but not a revolution .	1
the only main drawback is the fact that the voice-dialing system is kinda picky .	0
great design -- very sleek and touch wheel has still never been successfully copied ( virtual ones are the only competition ) ; . and now the wheel clicks , taking away a lot of headaches from 3rd gen and very navigable in the menus .	1
it has great incredibility .	1
finally , amazon 's free shipping is really getting good , it took only 3 working days for the player to reach me ! .	1
i especially like the more commonly used buttons , such as play , pause , and stop , to be larger and conveniently placed .	0
i got this camera about a month ago and i can 't put it down .	1
i 've been incredibly happy with this camera .	1
the height adjustment works well- not perfect .	1
styling/ergonomics : the keys are small , which generally doesn 't bother me if they are spaced because i can employ a little 'braille , ' but the keys run into each other , so careful attn . must be paid when dialing .	0
the buttons are easy to use , and its easy to navigate .	1
creative software stinks .	0
nice and small and excellent when it comes to downloading games , graphics and ringtones from www . crazy cellphone . com	1
i think their antivirus software was one of , if not the best , on the	1
it has great battery life , fm radio , excellent signal , hands free speakerphone ( which i have to say is probably my favorite function ) and downloadable java apps .	1
when the player was working it was great , but .	0
the pop up blocker and anti-spam are bonuses .	1
one primary reason for getting a cell phone was so that i could use it as an internet connection for my laptop running linux , where soft modem drivers are hard to find , and don 't work very well .	1
one downside though is that autofocus does not work well when battery is low .	0
itunes can be downloaded from the enclosed cd or for free from the apple site .	1
after considering my needs further and researching the marketplace , i decided on the s100 .	1
buttons do seem a little sticky tho . . and the hands free kits ' connector might be a problem . .	0
this camera is truely superb .	1
the battery is alot better than most of the phones out there .	1
the touchpad is great once you get used to it , and i much prefer it to standard buttons or scroll wheels ( as on the dell dj for example ) .	1
camera quality isn 't bad for the low resolution .	1
this is probably your best bet if you are looking for a phone in this price range , or like me , do not have the patience to deal with annoying flip phones .	1
when i 1st tried it i found that it had no problem playing the more expensive dvd - r media disc 's that other players would play but to my surprise was able to play cheep media that i had burned that i could n 't get to work before in anything but the dvd burner itself that i had made the disc with .	1
cheap construction - they should have made the player out of hard plastic and put some rubber on the corners .	0
what i really like about- its quite , it can handle my workload and it was so cheap that i can throw it away and buy another one without blinking .	1
i 'm giving this player cautious recommendation .	1
if you are looking for a phone to integrate as easily as the sonyericsson phones with isync , i say stick with a sonyericsson .	1
the blue backlight is pretty cool .	1
i bought the diaper champ and have been very happy for the following reasons .	1
i enjoy getting use to the touch pad .	1
the hitachi collet simply was not ground accurately .	0
looks and durability : i realize many people are fond of the minimalist white interface .	0
it sometimes takes the picture at some indefinite period of time after you press the shutter button .	0
canon 's optics are better and i believe their processing algorithms are also better .	1
sound : exceptional , though i can 't really compare it to the ipod .	1
however , the calls constantly drop in my area and i experience mega-static , to the point where i 'd have to dial numbers 6-7 times to get a clear line .	0
you can upgrade but then there 's a certain level of trouble involved .	0
transfering - i could not get my songs to completely transfer via usb 1 . 1 or 2 . 0 .	0
another reason i got it is because you can put wma files on it .	1
i must say , i think this is the coolest camera i 've ever owned ! .	1
it is quiet and has plenty of power .	1
i upgraded from a very small 3 . 2 max camera to this camera with great results .	1
because this camera is beautiful .	1
it 's really well made and has survived sliding across floors and pavement without a scratch .	1
i 've dropped it at least a dozen times to my recollection and it still works as good as ever .	1
we have never had any problems with anything like loose wipes getting stuck ( we always wrap them in the dirty diaper ) .	1
it 's size also makes it ideal for travel .	1
( it sure does look nice , though ! . ) i recommend this to any music lover anywhere : the quality of the audio is excellent , the controls and indicators rapidly become intuitive , and the storage capacity and battery life are huge ! .	1
that 's a rare and valuable feature .	1
the plunge lock and power switch are very easily accessible which is a must when doing free hand routing .	1
i tried to do this by instinct and it 's not intuitive unless you are a network geek .	0
it is a great phone , if you are traveling all over the world , packed with wonderful features .	1
for the person that uses the equipment every day , pay the extra and get a reliable & safer unit .	1
i found that to be the most impressive thing about the ipod 'mini ' - basically for ease of use , and the feel it gives .	1
it also has a stock tracking app built in ( also useless ) and a somewhat useful application which converts all types of metrics ( currency , length , area , etc ) .	0
both of the problem dvd 's would repeatedly freeze during playback , while the counter on the player kept going .	0
the interface took a little getting used to .	0
i found the controls very intuitive and learned how to maneuver through the menus quickly .	1
the menus are easy to scroll through ; . they are laid out naturally , and make sense .	1
1 . your hitachi might come to you with a stiff spring mechanism .	0
i have n 't had time to really push this player to the limit , but audio aspects on the nomad are satisfactory , as should be expected from creative labs .	1
the ss body is wonderful , feels high-quality .	1
outside of the t-mobile service area the phone seamlessly jumped onto at & t wireless and various other services where the t-mobile service was unavailable .	1
i use the router with a 3 1/2in raised panel bit with no problems .	1
the main issue now is that this new zen micro seems to be the best on the market at least temporarily .	1
the major reasons i didn 't give it a five are : one , i didn 't think the fine adjustment worked well .	0
unlike some of the other people who received a `` lemon `` , my dvd player came in perfect working condition .	1
when it came down to it , the price on this player is hard to beat .	1
i will never buy a creative product again .	0
bottom line great phone for the time being .	1
also the feature to automatically put in the song information is n 't always accurate .	0
1- small .	1
broadband hooked up to this wireless setup flies .	1
downside is the size of the phone , it is big for today 's standard .	0
the 6610 excels as a cell phone , thank god .	1
also , multiple picture feature is very , very fast .	1
4 ) one nice thing about nokias is that they have a ton of ring tone and game choices .	1
so , why the small digital elph , rather than one of the other cameras with better resolution or picture quality ? . size [ +2 ]	1
it was easy enough to remove the front plate , and there was only one way the battery could be inserted .	1
it doesn 't stink , ever ( like some have assumed since it doesn 't wrap each diaper into its own neat little cocoon ) .	1
great camera , and for the price you can 't beat it .	1
the digital zoom takes as good of pictures , as the optical zoom does ! .	1
i quickly got to use to the interface and can find any song / playlist etc fast enough .	1
actually , the creative zen micro solves all that .	1
it 's running great for all the dvds i have and rented .	1
i have no problems with the touch pad ( once the sensitivity is set to low ) and the interface is a breeze to use without even looking at the pdf manual .	1
this thing seriously is a good player though .	1
as an engineer , i am embarrassed for the engineering profession when such crap is released for sale .	0
the product has worked perfectly for me on my xp .	1
great reception , visibility and interface ( may be complicated by others ) .	1
the second lasted about two weeks before the video went out ! .	0
i bought this camera two days ago , and i 'm very pleased to say that it has been worth the money .	1
the scroll button is overly sensitive at times ; . not sensitive enough at others .	0
this is the perfect camera for a photo hobbiest who wants to have easy point and shoot ability as well .	1
some features that the 'zen micro ' has that sold me on my purchase include : a 5g hard drive . . . actually an sd flash card drive . . . very large and much more than actually needed , the ability to sync with microsoft outlook 's calendar , the long battery life of about 10 to 12 hours ( i can change the battery myself for about $ 40 to buy vs .	1
i experimented with online print ordering with the two major us brick and mortar retailers , and they both delivered great results .	1
this is really a no brain er .	1
the included eax support is useful at times , especially when you listen to a variety of genres , as it will adjust the equalizer for you which can be a big hassle .	1
anyhow some demerits of this phone , the phone has a slow processor and the ear volume is lower than 6610 but then the 6610 has the best ear volume among most nokia variants .	0
what impressed me most was the sound .	1
i still like it a lot and am not changing it for another , but it is sort of stinky .	0
nice palm sized unit , somewhat bigger then the ipod but not an issue if you 're not going to try & jog with it or something .	1
first of all , i 've never been big on earbuds - they 're just not that comfortable .	0
the interface works great .	1
it 's overkill for simple snapshots , unless you 've got way too much money to blow .	1
as i mentioned in my first paragraph , it supports wpa security , which is far superior to wep .	1
i love this camera .	1
i love the rounded edges now , fits so much better in a pocket , jeans or suit .	1
i gave the zen 5 stars because it 's excellent for the class that it is in and it 's not really appropriate to rate it based on players in a different class .	1
i can recommend this phone to anyone , anytime .	1
my fingers are kind of stubby so it took a while to learn how to hit a key without hitting the adjacent ones .	0
it has many great features and very few bad ones .	1
when talking the voice is not very clear .	0
the music is easy to get to ( all of the menus are easy to understand despite what alot of i-pod owners say ) and if you know how to search for an artist by name online , then you can do the same with the zen .	1
they made the other end of the camera flat so you can put the camera upright on a flat surface if you don 't like to take the usual horizontal pictures using the self-timer .	1
the player hangs up on file transfer every once-in-a-while , prompting a reset .	0
some people have commented about the size and weight of the phone , and it has rightfully gotten the nick-name `` the bar of soap `` which , it really is .	0
then the most disappointing was trying to use viper raised panel bits that just barely fit , and i mean just barely .	0
although , i thought it could 've been designed a bit better .	0
this is a great product ! .	1
the wrt54g plus the hga7t is a perfect solution if you need wireless coverage in a wider area or for a hard-walled house as was my case .	1
i tried the cd setup program without any luck .	0
i had to sit on the phone with customer support for 2 hours and they did not help at all .	0
the ear buds that come with it look cheap , but the sound quality is amazing .	1
its nice look is also a plus .	1
as i wrote , this could have been a great product , but expect hidden charges ( read gross profiteering and price gouging ) as the company royally sticks you on every conceivable accessory necessary for normal daily usage .	0
the only problem is the size of the keys .	0
8- buttons are little , but if you have steady fingers and deal ed with a casio worst calculator watch , you can deal with almost anything .	0
2 ) the player user interface ( ui ) is intuitive to use , and allows easy navigation of a large or small collection .	1
the more i work with it , the more i love it ! .	1
i have had several mp3 players over the past few years , and have to say that this by far is the best that i 've owned .	1
it works well with my vip adapter , which is also a linksys .	1
the earbuds that come with it are n 't that bad .	1
1 ) player is not plug and play - need to install nomad explorer first and mediasource to transfer files and i had to be patient as i was used to winxp detecting the player and dragging and dropping the music files into it .	0
i sent it back , as i think that the speed control is either poorly designed or defective .	0
the software that comes with it is amazing and the online service that comes free is really very neat . clean clear and well focused on over 95 % of all photos taken by a beginner .	1
i particularly like the way it aids me in taking my macro shots .	1
another point of note : the battery life is incredible ! .	1
the height is a more convenient reach than others , where you have to hunch over .	1
1 . i achieved my basic objective ; . my entire cd collection is on a portable device with lots of room to store more .	1
the compact digital camera is especially useful if you have little children around and you can always take the camera with you and take many pictures of them .	1
1 . the ability to selectively switch to raw format during record review gives you incredible more post-processing flexibility .	1
i was unable achieve a sound quality on par with my simple portable cd player with `` bass boost . ``	0
we can start by losing the shiny miracle-material cover that you can literally scratch just by looking at it wrong , and thus eliminate the need for third-party `` asking `` protective covers for an extra thirty bucks .	0
it 's not as stylized as a sony or samsung .	0
among my requirements for a phone were : good screen , decent camera , bluetooth , and gprs support .	1
by the way , i use the norton 2003 corporate at work with absolutely no trouble .	1
its the easiest thing to setup i thought , and i am only 16 . . . so with all that said , buy the router ! . ! . ! . ! .	1
but i was ready to upgrade and when i discovered that canon was going to come out with an even smaller digital camera with a higher resolution , i had to have the s100 .	1
usb 2 . 0 transfer is insanely fast .	1
i love the features on the ipod and the many things you can do with it .	1
the front cover ( which you remove to take out the battery ) feels flimsy but when snapped on , the device still feels pretty solid .	0
all in all suprisingly easy to use .	1
i couldn 't believe what i had been missing .	1
the service from t-mobile is very good too .	1
fortunately for me , i have yet to have a single problem with this player .	1
the ringtones included are awesome , and did i mention they were polyphonic ? .	1
the player 's software is very easy to use and very good .	1
other tagging problems result ( i think ) from the nomad 's operating system .	0
the sound quality is very good .	1
up , down , left , and right would have given me better control .	0
good quality video .	1
this one has a color display , which i like a lot , being very visual .	1
the vibrate setting is loud ! .	0
playlists can be generated on the fly ( which is a bit clunky but still a really nice bonus ) or by using the software , and there are a bevy of eq options .	1
the canon software for raw images does not present you with a raw image at all , but the raw image after it has been processed by all the image-affecting settings in the camera .	0
only if we could get one camera in it . .	0
in my opinion the worst issue on this phone is the side-mounted volume control .	0
it 's a very intuitive program .	1
this is a great deal , and i 'm elated with my decision to go with hitachi 's green machine .	1
overall the ipod really is an almost flawless beast . the capacity in the 20 gb is more than i think most people would ever need and , for the price , i highly recommend it .	1
well the champ has survived it 's first year with our son and it is great ! . ! .	1
interface - practically seamless .	1
i am very pleased with the apex ad2600 . it plays just about anything you put in the drawer .	1
it also has tons more features then previous creative products , and most of them are very useful such as the ability to customize the main menu to show the stuff you want , not the default items ( creative labs . com for more on that ) .	1
games kind of stink and you cant download them you have to get the link cable to get additional games .	0
autofocus feels exactly like my film camera while scene and manual mode add a little fun challenge to it all .	1
the digital zoom is crap .	0
well , i got my second player , and right out of the box it wasn 't working right and once again , after consulting customer se ! .	0
as of october , 2004 , these products are not working and i 'm ready to demand a refund from symantec .	0
finally , i reiterate my thumbs-down rating for t-mobile as a carrier .	0
overall this tool is very well worth the price and i have no regrets about my purchase .	1
the software interface supplied was very easy to use but i went ahead and got red chair 's `` notmad `` software because of some advanced features i wanted .	1
buttons size is ok for me , my wife , but not my granny .	0
i 'm convinced by my own experience and that of many other people who have posted here who have had the same experience that the product is defectively designed , and will not hold up to normal use .	0
it is much easier to fill and unload than the diaper genie , plus , why buy refills when you can use trash bags from the dollar store ? .	1
just follow the instructions carefully , it 's all based on a cd that has everything you need to get you up and running in no time .	1
what makes the focus-lock lag time something i can live with is the extreme depth of field obtainable with these point and shoot digicams at f8 .	1
i was surprised to find that not only could this dvd player play mpeg2 format which allowed me to stack 2 movies on a dvd , but it also was able to play vb files which i created with smart ripper .	1
there is not a word about satellite issues in either the user guide or the `` knowledge `` database at linksys . com , and first tech support person i spoke with kept me on the phone for an hour , then gave me a web site address to consult -- that turned out to be the one i 'd already found during a search of my own .	0
the only disappointment so far has been battery life .	0
original review december 2004 i 'm sorry to read about other people having problems with their zen micro , but mine has worked great ! .	1
- this did not feel like quality construction and i was n 't sure how long it would last .	0
the scroll bar problems make the task of creating playlists more frustrating .	0
it may not top the ipod mini , but it 's definitely an alternative if you also want the extra features and good sound quality .	1
it 's rechargable and supposedly easy to replace though i haven 't had to do it yet of course .	1
also , when i dial an `` 800 `` number like an airline , it will not allow me to use number keys to navigate the prerecorded menu .	0
so loud , really , that it does n 't work terribly well as a silent ringer option .	0
and the biggest plus is that you don 't have to buy any expensive refills .	1
the dynamic playlists ( `` now playing `` , i be live creative calls it ) feels very awkward at times and some menus simply take to long to get to and operate . . .	0
i highly recommend this phone .	1
the little jog dial seems weak and quirky and i hope i do n 't figure out a way to break it .	0
this was an awesome player , before the video output no longer worked ( after about 3 weeks ) .	0
4 . the shape of this device is a little squarer , without losing the weight which means better balance and less shaking while clicking .	1
i like my phones to be small so i can fit it in my pockets .	1
i bought this apex 2600 dvd player for myself at christmas because it got good reviews as a good value for the money on a variety of different sites .	1
the included headphones suck , so get your own .	0
these tasks are faster and easier than in prior versions , and i found the menu to be much more navigable .	1
just received this camera two days ago and already love the features it has .	1
advanced photo bugs will find more creative control than imaginable .	1
the speed is the same as dali up , where i live we do not have wifi everywhere so this is my version of it until we catch up .	1
don 't worry this player rocks .	1
mine is as easy to use as the mini without any firmware download .	1
i 've had almost no problems with the firmware ( ie , lock-ups , shut-downs etc ) , but i have kept the player up to date .	1
the only problem i had was a few components didn 't quite load correctly upon startup , but a reboot fixed the problem .	0
the prints are beautiful ! .	1
the extended zoom range and faster lense put it at the top of it 's class .	1
i have come across many other beginner cameras that i prefer over this camera , but the thing you have to keep in mind about this camera is the size .	1
the sound from the player is ok .	1
i 've always liked symantec products , except for this version 2004 .	0
the 6610 has the radio function which is utterly useless .	0
if you have to buy a camera on a bu get , this has got to be the one .	1
but i 've already emailed creative tech support about it , and gotten timely responses - they will fix it for me if necessary . . .	1
my biggest complaint is the battery life or lack there of .	0
as far as user interface is concerned , the best and easiest to use seems to be the one that comes with the player , 'creative mediasource organizer ' .	1
their website had a download that helped remove those , although i had to manually remove a good number of files from the `` programs `` directory .	1
his is what i get for my $ 200 on this mp3 player ? .	0
apart from speed , the signal is consistent and works without interruptions , etc .	1
no offense to amazon , but i was able to find one online for just over 200 bucks ( i 'm sure prices here will continue to sink ) , and that also seemed quite a good bargain for the amount of storage space .	1
i love the features , the interface , the size ( the screen is a delight ) , the camera ( though i admit i 'm not much of a camera user -- so just a toy for me ) , the internet connectivity , the quality , etc .	1
i would have rated it five stars but for the poor manual .	0
what the hell is wrong with this thing .	0
it does tend to run quite hot and should be given lots of room for air circulation .	0
most of them are already switched to apex and they are happy .	1
pros : large hard drive for the $ $ -- 20gb and 40gb are both affordable .	1
i 've used the corporate edition at work without any problems ever .	1
at first i thought it is only a isolated incident , but i was proven wrong when the player would not read my `` alias `` dvds as well .	0
the menu pops up after 3 seconds the picture takes a while to load from its slow card memory .	0
the tiny ( postage-stamp sized ) remote unit is wonderful : not only does it trigger the shutter , it can also be used to zoom and review pictures .	1
takes excellent photos .	1
great phone . . .	1
the software is not good either and the driver has trouble working with other sound blaster products , which is very dumb .	0
i saw a few complaints on the load time of menus and i feel people are over-exaggerating the menu load time .	0
my brother had an old linksys b band wireless router in his home and it was like magic .	1
it contains the smell from our baby 's diapers and we can use just about any kind of bag inside .	1
i can 't write enough positive things about this great little camera ! .	1
) creative , inc . the maker includes the barest of the bare minimum in the box , then through gross profiteering nickles and dimes you on every single accessory at extraordinarily inflated prices .	0
the zoom function on this camera is so loud that sometimes you will be unable to use it if you find yourself in a situation where you must be quiet .	0
there were many times when i clicked the automatic shutter and nothing happens .	0
i hate apex but love amazon , and i tell everyone .	0
2 ) the champ uses regular store bags .	1
the user support service isn 't too great either .	0
i 've also had the nomad zen lock-up several times .	0
i purchased two of these players for christmas gifts , and both were bad .	0
i love this phone .	1
it is nokia and thus easy to access the menu options .	1
the lcd screen was very large and readable .	1
after some research on the net , i discovered that there is indeed a flaw with the current wrt54g design ( wrt54g , version 3 , which amazon currently sells ) .	0
yes , the features are numerous .	1
got way too many blurry pictures .	0
apple still does it better but needs to come out with a 5 gig mini .	0
because steve jobs is a twisted individual and he made sure that he ruined this device by giving it an unrepeatable 18 month battery .	0
it beats apple on the storage space , it beats apple on the removable battery ( and batter life ) , and i personally like its interface more than the ipod scroll wheel .	1
this is my first digital camera , and what a ' toy ' it is ! .	1
but when we went to use it again , there was sound but no picture .	0
the unit works great with my cassette adapter for my car & is also easily worked without taking your eyes off the road ! .	1
i try navigating to a chapter past 34 via the menu and it would n 't do it ! .	0
the electronic speed control is not doing it 's job and the router begins to speed up and slow down at will .	0
i went out and got the canon today .	1
the sound is just fine .	1
the player is intuitive and outputs great sound quality .	1
+looks snazzy +smaller than a pack of smokes - easily transported +ac charger included as well as a hard shell that comes with a clip and a stand adapter +usb cable ! .	1
actually using the nomad jukebox is easy and uncomplicated .	1
took me a few tries to get use to the navigation , but it 's a very user friendly player imo .	1
let the champ win you over ! .	1
basically , i ate the cost of the renewal and ate the cost of the tech help .	0
overall i 'm incredibly impressed with my new zen touch .	1
the setup works awesome , as with any tool i look closely at the individual tool for it 's merits , and not just the company as a whole .	1
it 's very sleek looking with a very good front panel button layout , and it has a great feature set .	1
4 megapixels is plenty for all but pros , and you will not be disappointed with the results of this camera .	1
way to go apple ! .	1
it offers way more features than i need but the ones i use work well .	1
with the enormous numbers of diapers that you go through with a newborn , it was great how easy it was to dispose of the dirty ones .	1
this camera is an excellent choice for an ultracompact , take anywhere device and boasts an outstanding movie mode to boot .	1
it 's fast , feels great in your hand and looks great too .	1
it was a symantec error .	0
1 . the size is a little bit bigger than the ipod , and it weighs a little bit more .	0
speaking of battery , it 's removable and replaceable ! .	1
this is the best dvd player i 've purchased .	1
i will also say that setting up the e-mail account was very simple and straight-forward , although you do need an external smut server to use .	1
6 . play game boy color games on it with go boy .	1
-- > you 'll be changing track information a lot because the cd database information utilized by the software is mediocre at best .	0
less than a cheap cordless drill or a laminate trimmer .	1
finally , i gave up and i purchased a router racier .	0
also if you want a device that does so much more than the ipod mini but is at the same price , this is the player for you .	1
but i wanted to do some raised panel work and needed more power and variable speed to run the large-diameter bits .	1
you 're going to need to buy new headphones , the stock ones suck	0
the remote is okay , but i am not a fan of remotes with tiny buttons .	0
this is my fourth linksys product and , aside from the rough start , i 'm very satisfied with this router .	1
also much less stinky .	0
the setup software did everything .	1
its a tough one this unless you wan na drive your car over it .	1
battery : compared to the other players on the market , the ipod has one of the worst batteries around .	0
sure they say if it 's their fault you won 't get charged , but they are the ones who get to decide whether it 's their fault .	0
and for those that are int rested the recharger works anywhere in the world ( and is quite small ) .	1
unfortunately , creative offered scant few pages of instruction , which meant that i was on own from the outset .	0
i find this to be a great feature .	1
while i had the phone , the positive features were : good sound quality and an excellent fm phone and earpiece .	1
norton 's memory usage on systems with 512 mb is very low .	1
another plus in my book , no file limits ! .	1
setup in xp was instant and intuitive .	1
the firmware has bugs too , so download and install the latest firmware from linksys .	0
while i like the performance of the phone in every regard , i would buy another one solely upon the apparent indestructibility of it .	1
i 've had this phone for almost a year now and it has been nothing but great to use .	1
as i mentioned before , the creative mediasource software is actually really robust despite what others have said , though notmad may still work better .	1
there were sharp screw tips on the underside of the unit coming from inside that were obviously used to anchor the internal control board .	0
it 's light weight enough to take with you everywhere , but powerful enough to get outstanding pix .	1
but , if you 're looking for my opinion of the apex dvd player , i love it ! .	1
i highly recommend this camera to anyone looking for a good digital camera that takes great pictures yet does n 't take weeks to figure out how to operate .	1
i still give the ipod five stars , though , as it could have been something i did incorrectly during the install ( though i did follow the onscreen prompts ) so i 'll give apple the benefit of the doubt .	1
it was n 't as easy to fast forward or pause a song than it was with a regular walkman .	0
when you dial a number , you 'll need to check the screen to see that the number entered is correct .	0
i tried called apex cu st service , no help .	0
- best in class sound	1
after 57 pictures total the lcd went black except for the icons showing the settings .	0
finally you will read a post somewhere that all codes are useless for the apex 2600 .	0
am i ever glad that i decided on this camera ! .	1
the arm band is fantastic and it doesn 't budge even at the gym .	1
i just got an older 866 mhz system with 512 pc 133 ram and it also runs fine on that .	1
in low light with flash i found it clear better then the sony p200 ( too much red , colours overall not as natural but fewer red-eyes ) .	1
if you don 't mind all the buttons being touch sensitive , i 'd re comment buying it to try out , and also buy an extra 2 year warranty for it ( there are some offered here , for about $ 15 dollars i think ) .	1
otherwise , this player is awesome ! .	1
first , the zen lets you sync to more than one computer .	1
the eax sound enhancement feature did n 't do enough for me and the custom eq was a limited 5 band eq .	0
it 's easy to use , and makes transfering your cd collection to the player a cinch .	1
i called apex 's support number numerous times but it just kept ringing .	0
as the 6600 uses 900mhz , it operates in more countries than the 6620 .	1
the same 4mp chip from the 4500 camera , plus a 3x zoom with the ability to expand upon that with extenders , great closeup mode , long lasting rechargable battery , etc etc .	1
the fm radio is cool .	1
doesn 't have alot of good games on it .	0
hold button -- suprisingly not all mp3s have this ; . this allows you to have all the buttons unusable , so that you don 't accidently hit something in your pocket .	1
if anyone is thinking of getting an ipod mini , forget it and go with this player .	1
it makes up for this by being extremely easy to use with well laid out controls that can be learned quickly .	1
this one is particularly bothersome : allegedly one can use the zen micro as a portable drive to store and transport data from one computer to another .	0
i think , apex is the best dvd player you can get for the price .	1
however , i suspect that many people are having a bad experience -- do not purchase this product .	0
the edge guide has a nice micro adjust feature that works well .	1
the screen is clear and readable , and the touch pad works very well , it took me less than a day to get the hang of it , and now i like it better than having to click buttons or fiddle with a separate volume control .	1
anyway , this player is a great deal and i really love it .	1
it has plenty of power .	1
the backlight on the phone goes off way too quickly ( dangerous when you 're driving at night ) , and there 's no way to change this --	0
this is extremely lame .	0
i say adequate because it was enough to get wireless working , but nowhere near enough instruction to do the proper configuration job that i could have done if so ! .	0
also , diapers and wipes get stuck in the grove below the piston .	0
but it comes with a tank of a case and if you cut a piece out where the screen is you can always keep it in the case and still access everything .	1
i will never use all the `` whistles and bells `` this machine is capable of .	1
this wonderfully small digital camera produces fantastically good pictures printed on any decent photo-quality printer ( with photo quality paper ) .	1
the interface software itself , which should be user-friendly , was anything but easy-to-use .	0
i purchased the elph s100 mainly because i thought it was cool .	1
silverfish color really adds a special touch .	1
there is no odor and extremely easy to use .	1
. lens cap is a really annoying	0
the little bag it comes with is cheap and useless .	0
i try navigating using the player 's built in menu , and it still would n 't work ! .	0
my experience with installation was quite good .	1
i own this phone for about 6 months now , i have used the following features : bluetooth connection to laptop and desktop for sync contacts and calendars with outlook , transfer files ( movies , songs ) , i have many movies on it now with a 512mb memory card that it takes .	1
can recommend the hitachi in this ergonomic arena -- at the price quoted on amazon it is a bargain .	1
decently sized screen -- one of the larger ones on the market at 2 ``	1
the phone has a few minor inconveniences , but only because it lacks those features , bluetooth and high spend internet , but there are very few problems with things that you expected this phone to do .	0
the zoom goes up and down in magnification , which is nice , but there is always a display of the zoom size about one-quarter of the way down from the top of the screen that interferes with viewing at most settings .	0
you can also slow a song down & speed it up , which is cool too .	1
audio is mono and fairly acceptable , quiet also with little distortions .	1
this is by far the nicest one , in so many ways .	1
i bought this phone for my trip to south africa and it worked almost perfectly .	1
first , it failed whenever connecting to get updates .	0
especially the bluetooth server . . . meaning you have to restart the phone if you want bluetooth to work again .	0
putting the micro into your pocket could trigger just about anything ( unless the hold feature is improved : it asks if you want to `` unholy `` for every button up press ) second , i 'm worried about the durability of the player .	0
retraction : said mine had silver plate : it does have display .	1
it was no problem for me to use their software .	1
i downloaded and updated the firmware , and followed the easy setup instructions .	1
overall this has been my favorite phone that i have owned .	1
moving on to sound department . . . it delivers ! .	1
i would not be inclined to purchase an apex product again .	0
i received this item for christmas and it has met and exceeded all my standards .	1
the standard battery include with the g3 is a camcorder battery that will allow me to take pictures all day without worrying about charging .	1
the best part of the firewall is the visual backtracking .	1
no in box accessories -- an arm strap , belt strap , case , or anything would be nice , but nope . . . moveable parts -- this makes me almost want to keep my 3rd gen over a 4th ; . with moveable parts , its easy to damage an ipod at a gym , so this is for more casual listeners ; . note the ipod mini doesn 't have moveable parts and is made of titanium .	0
this camera also has a great feel and weight to it .	1
overall this is a slightly better than average phone .	1
of course one of the first things i did was write an email to the customer support at creative , through their website , and by the time they finally got back to me - several working days later when they promise only one - their suggestions were completely worthless .	0
mixed bag i guess but the price was right .	1
basic usage is easy , but the remote has a lot of buttons that i have n 't used .	1
i had a sony ericsson t610 before this and the t610 is far inferior .	1
2 . you still have to clean the thing ! . ! .	0
i thought the software was decent enough - it was n 't complicated to learn at all .	1
it uses the extend able mmc memory , it is perfect for storing videos , pictures and mp3s .	1
one little minor flaw with this camera is that the lens is visible in the viewfinder , but does not detract from the image at all .	0
the player usually plays dvd 's , but has occasional problems such as : 1 ) not recognizing a dvd 2 ) stopping a particular point in a movie every time we played it 3 ) not being able to access certain special features on a rental dvd .	0
the 4300 comes with excellent easy to install software i use it on xp and win98 without problem , battery charger , usb and video cable .	1
i tried to contact apex to return it ( i missed the amazon return period ) and it took 3 months to get through to their customer service dept .	0
memory/storage - seemingly boundless .	1
the ipod package comes with everything you need , the ac adaptor , firewire cable ( quicker than usb , but slower than usb 2 which it also gives ) , those snazzy and power full headphones , and of course the player .	1
even the pdf manual that comes with it is pretty vague for someone not familiar with `` mac settings `` , etc .	0
i am giving a zero star to symantec for this version ! .	0
i 'm going to try to get a refund but considering all the hoops i jumped through ( emails , downloads , reboots , a purge and another download , plus reading through the help menu ) a refund should be twice as frustrating .	0
the program brings more problems than a virus , albeit not as major problems , just not what you expect for 70 bucks .	0
for the price , i am considering purchasing a spare just to have as a backup .	1
the menus are easy to navigate and the buttons are easy to use .	1
i 'm not one who uses web browsing , so this phone easily met and surpassed my needs .	1
i prefer things that are simple .	1
better for the zen micro is outlook compatibility .	1
also , you have to use it with itunes - or they 'll sue , dammit ! . but itunes is about as good as anything .	1
i have never had an odor problem ! .	1
with accessories , you can make the ipod into a digital recorder , broadcast it remotely through stereo speakers using wireless technology , and play it through your car speakers using either a cd adaptor or fm stereo broadcaster .	1
the system is terrific in size and design , imo looking better than the ipods .	1
1 . creative mediasource software is ok to rip , catalog & burn music if you are starting from scratch ; . but i used musicmatch to rip my cds before i bought the zen ( 278 cds ; . 3 , 400 tracks ; . 12 . 5 gb of music all ripped at 128bps ) and guess what ? .	0
if i had to do it over , i wouldn 't buy anything else .	1
on the whole , i 'm quite happy with the purchase .	1
our special friends at creative gave this thing good sound quality , great features , long battery life , and an unbeatable price .	1
in a word , `` awesome `` is how i would describe this camera .	1
2 ) scroll button / switch	0
has 4x optical zoom which is higher than any other in the same price range .	1
having access to so much music where ever you go is terrific .	1
i can only hear the sound but no picture ! .	0
it holds almost a week 's worth of diapers , and you don 't need expensive refills - any kitchen bags work .	1
also , i am quite partial to the creative mediasource organizer and player software , which i had with audigy zs sound card originally ; . it is definitely an added plus .	1
with eax on , you can modify your sound , with 4 different presets , which is pretty good , you can get different variations with it .	1
as any digital camera owner knows is that when you go to take a picture of a moving object to expect some blurring but with some preliminary testing we had simone move there hands back and forth under the lense and another person take the picture and suprisingly a crystal clear image appeared on the decently sized screen .	1
7- 360 panoramic pictures are a very big deal .	1
so for the money it costs for one of those top-of-the-line models i 've got a good router & a nice table to put it in & i like that .	1
so far i have no complaints and i recommend this to anyone who wants quality over appearance , also anyone who wants a hard drive based mp3 player and wants to pay next to nothing .	1
it 's a bit pricey to call home from other countries but the instant messaging to and from covered countries in europe are quite reasonable .	1
and i must say . . . this mp3 is very cool .	1
the scroll wheel is a big improvement over the ipod touchpad .	1
i had to return the remote on this product because it appeared to be defective .	0
this item broke just two weeks after i gave it to my kids for christmas .	0
there was occasionally a lip-sync issue ( the lips were n 't moving in time to the dialog ) .	0
you do not have to waste money or time trying to purchase special bags for the champ .	1
12 ) big storage - my entire cd collection in one small device ( 5717 songs , 491 albums and counting ) ! .	1
: ! . ok , score 7 . 0 oh yes , the newest color of this phone is quite cool .	1
it had issues right off the bat , with freezing up , staying in 'shutting down ' mode , and just not functioning very well in general .	0
it is a nice router in all ways but one .	1
it does take some getting used to .	0
it is extremely light and disappears in your pocket .	1
the only problem i find with it is that the plunge mechanism will eventually stick due to wood dust .	0
the canon is very small , definitely pocket size , but still easy to hold firmly .	1
it is a great router for a table and with the depth adjustment knob it is easy to adjust depth precisely .	1
this is a terrible company with a bad product and awful support .	0
so the pretty solid router all around good for the money here 's the link to firmware updates http : //www . suavest . com/forum6 . html	1
working for 10 hours with it on `` shuffle `` totally rocks ! . ! .	1
3 ) user replaceable battery	1
* i 'm giving it 4 stars because the setup process was so miserable .	0
all the features are incredibly intuitive , even for a novice like me .	1
if you can get one with all the accessories and a cheap extended warranty , this is the player to get ! . highly recommended .	1
pros : huge storage capacity for the price , easy to navigate , can modify existing playlists on the fly , has a removable battery	1
4 mp gives you room for the future gaining experience ; . cost offsets over time from wanting more in a camera , 3x optical and the fact that it carries nikon 's quality reputation behind it make the whole package prove itself worth wile at the price .	1
i loved this product when i first got it - great sound , easy to use ( even though i agree that the software was n 't the best ) and held enough songs to suit any mood .	1
i 'm sure i don 't use it to the degree of some of the other purchasers , but i really like it ! .	1
i decided to save the $ $ and opted for the zen xtra . . . and i was not disappointed .	1
the black fly wheel feels pretty cheap & is uncomfortable to use .	0
first of all , i bought this dvd as a christmas present for my girlfriend and i am somewhat disappointed .	0
my one issue with the mediasource software is that , despite pulling id3 tag data from the dds service , the ripping process fails to populate the `` year `` field .	0
the eax features are pretty cool , as well , as creative has included a number of eq adjustments that , for example , compensate for the extraneous noise encountered in a car or on a train .	1
the screen is large , defined , and easy to read , and the silver unit is naturally cool .	1
the lens is visible in the viewfinder when the lens is set to the wide angle , but since i use the lcd most of the time , this is not really much of a bother to me .	0
the adobe software also was wonderful in 98 but it will not let you print correctly with xp so you are forced to create your document then either print it from windows or export it to another application .	0
7 . have a good chunk of my small mp3 to listen through the speaker phone .	1
the keypad is a decent size , but the power on/off key is small and difficult to press .	0
all in all , this is a wonderful device .	1
this is the best camera you can have for digital images if you want to :	1
this was obviously a conspiracy as it is freak in ' easy to manufacture a device with replaceable batteries ! . ! .	0
the auto color balance is often fooled by dense clouds .	0
the dvd player just would 't recognize them .	0
it really is an awesome camera that is hard to beat for general-to moderate snapping .	1
overall , i highly recommend this phone .	1
for purposes of clarity , here is my review from that product , edited to be appropriate for this product , since , for the most part , they share many of the same problems .	0
pc software that comes with the player is not as simple as i tunes but its not bad at all .	0
this product is way cooler than anything ive used before ( pencilings and maccabees and norton antivirus alone ) .	1
that 's when it went from oder less , to odorous ! .	0
as a windows user , i had to install the software including drivers and itunes on my desktop , and this is the only area where i encountered a nuisance .	0
the face-plate , which pops out for the battery , pops open by itself every 10 minutes or so .	0
the only two things that stop me from giving it 5 stars are the ho-hum software that comes with the system , and the traveling case it comes with .	0
so once i worked out the problem with the software this mp3 player is worth the money it cost .	1
linksys quality and tech support have been outstanding .	1
it it is a bit heavy for hand held work , but any router this size will be .	0
also love waking up to music with attached speakers .	1
i also did n 't like the way it displayed information way down into the screen when you are in zoom mode .	0
for example , i tried playing my new `` pirates of the caribbean `` extra features dvd , but this dvd player can not read it .	0
i love the quality of the pictures .	1
it also works just fine for international calls .	1
it sits in the corner of our bathroom and we have never had any problems with odors at all ( and we live in the damp and humid south , where odors of all kinds are generally rife ) .	1
the zen was an impressive purchase and i would highly recommend it to anyone using napster .	1
it practically plays almost everything you give it .	1
reviews for sound quality are generally ( but not universally ) positive .	1
n6600 supports midi , wav , arm , mp3 etc .	1
the photo quality is amazing and i know i 'm going to have fun with all the features .	1
user interface : the software is simple and straight forward .	1
*holds a lot of diapers -- a full week of toddler diapers ! .	1
all other buttons are pretty sensitive to touch and work well .	1
in auto mode anyone can use it as a point and shoot camera .	1
it seems to be a little slow when identifying a new disc that 's inserted - maybe 10 seconds of wait .	0
nothing spectacular is done by internet security or by antivirus software .	0
this router works at 54mbps that 's megabyte not kilobyte .	1
back in may 2004 , when i first reviewed this , it had taken me over 16 hours to install and run .	0
i have an ipod and it is a great buy .	1
it 's shorter , sleeker , more compact and fits comfortably in my small hand than the ipod . . . my nokia cell phone towers over this bad boy ! .	1
i didnt have any installation problems ; . and the touch pad is fine , even if it is sort of inaccurate .	1
well , within 45 days the video output quit working ( both rca & optic ) .	0
on the plus side it 's packed with features , including bluetooth that works fine - it 's really a tiny computer that is also a phone . . . and that 's the negative .	0
everything else about the camera is great .	1
creative did an awesome job with the design .	1
( i never know when the champ is full as there is no way too tell . even though not particularly aesthetic , how about making the champ clear and see-through ? . ) so , i lift the lid and find a wad of diaper , which i must remove , usually stuck inside the lid itself because the bag is too full .	0
you have the option to have the flash automatic or off .	1
- the outlook syn ch only works for non recurring appointments , which personally is very annoying to me but probably wont be to most people . -	0
my first router is a safety hazard if you do not pay attention and are not very careful .	0
8 . connected the phone to my tablet pc and now can access company von at 56k speed via bluetooth .	1
the sound level is also not as high as i would have expected .	0
hard drive screws up occasionally	0
my sd500 focuses flawlessly , does not `` whine `` during video , and my pictures are razor sharp .	1
2 . battery life is over 4 . 5 hours , compared to about 2 . 5 hours for the g2 or the 2 hours for most nikon 's .	1
when i saw a high gain ( low price ) antenna was available to the wrt54g router , i thought i 'd happily give up some ( practically unattainable anyway , since you 've got to be in spitting distance from the router ) speed in favor of wider coverage .	1
my biggest concern is that i have found nokia phones lower quality construction to lead to lower prices , but they also don 't last as long .	0
luckily the soft start helped before it took the wood and tossed it or worse case , a finger .	0
since then , i have not found one major problem with it .	1
i needed three batteries to keep myself going with the s330 , but the battery in the g3 is a real powerhouse :	1
after years with that carrier 's expensive plans and horrible customer service , portability seemed heaven-sent .	0
i would have given this phone 5 stars if it wasn 't for the fact that i would rather use my 3330 to do all the most common things you do with a phone .	1
i am happy with the fact that i can use any bag in there and dont ' have to pay out the nose for replacements .	1
but be prepared to buy something else ( diaper genie ? . ) which can trap the odor better .	0
i tried to make sense of the file transfer program and just got more confused .	0
the only way my pc internet works is if i open the firewall program configuration and manually refresh it .	0
the panel seems like it will come off very easily as other people have said .	0
here 's the brief synopsis : the phone is tiny , cute , feels kind of `` plastic-like `` ( as if it might break ) , but seems pretty sturdy .	1
they have a good concept here , and i normally expect a lot better quality from creative , so maybe they will do better with the next gen version , but for now i say buyer beware .	0
overall it is a great unit & hopefully creative labs or some other vendor will soon come out with some accessories for it .	1
excellent range of metering options as well .	1
drops and strong signals even from the backyard .	1
the door would not close .	0
i have taken hundreds of photos with it and i continue to be amazed by their quality .	1
the pictures are beautiful , and the camera is so small you can carry it anywhere .	1
just point and shoot and the photos were great .	1
the pictures are a little dark sometimes .	0
- not compatible with audible . com books .	0
excellent sound - i found the music reproduced faithfully through the jukebox .	1
had there been strange noises , or obvious defects , i would have accepted a replacement , but this is clearly from a defective and inferior operating system and i for one do not intend on waiting for patches .	0
the good : small size ; . durable-seeming metal case ; . easy to use ; . visually distinctive ; . good picture quality ; . fast usb connection ; . mostly intuitive operation ; . really cool photostitch software that knits pictures together to give wide panoramas .	1
the optical and digital zooms combine to give an effective 4x zoom .	1
it is far better than just a trash can or the diaper genie and it 's fairly inexpensive as baby products go ! .	1
my daughter is only 4 months old and we do notice an odor .	0
this phone is one of the few phones that have an fm radio tuner built in .	1
i am an advanced computer user , so i can not even imagine how a new or novice user would ever get this terrible program to work ! .	0
flash - as with all built-in flashes in small cameras , you get over illuminated main subjects with depth being lost .	0
with the ipod , you can also store documents and contact files ( from programs such as microsoft outlook ) when it 's connected to your pc as an external hard drive .	1
the volume range is great , so you can blast it if you want .	1
the diaper genie needs it 's own refill bags in order to work and that 's just more money that you don 't have to spend .	0
i was more excited about this player upon opening than i was about the nomad .	1
the touch buttons are textured so that your finger sdon 't slip which was very thoughtful .	1
huge storage space , i loaded my entire collection of music , which isnt that much , 400 songs , and still have 26 gb , out of the 28 provided to you .	1
the phone is small , light , and very attractive .	1
but that is good for me because symantec soft wares are a bit hard to master for me who are not savvy on computers .	1
the quick sync is n 't any good because it either needs to be configured properly or just is n 't very useful .	0
you can turn this phone into a gaming machine , a camcorder or a digital camera , an mp3-player , a movie viewer , a voice recorder , a personal secretary , a gaps map browser , a book , a multifunction remote controller , practically everything that you can do with the computer , plus it is a phone ( ! . ! . ) and also you can carry it in your pocket : ) .	1
this program enables the user to batch convert and convert audio files from one format to another .	1
also , it was only $ 39 . 99 ( after rebate ) with free shipping and no tax so overall it is a decent player .	1
1 . the phone has the best keypad any nokia phone has to offer .	1
there is no way the battery supplied lasts 14 hours ! .	0
i 'd highly recommend this camera for anyone who is looking for excellent quality pictures and a combination of ease of use and the flexibility to get advanced with many options to adjust if you like .	1
. images taken indoor were n 't so clear .	0
file transfers are fast , nearly a song per second via usb 2 . 0 .	1
can 't get easier than that ! .	0
the high resolution screen is easy to read and has a backlight .	1
i bought this slick phone and i am very happy with it .	1
even viewed cds full of jogs .	1
i thought i 'd have to buy a set of headphones to use with it , but the included earbuds work quite well .	1
for the money , i 'm not sure you can do better .	1
i take a lot of pictures and this camera is my first choice .	1
its not a perfect system but its a very good one .	1
the canon g3 is perhaps the best 4mp camera out there .	1
love the speaker phone .	1
it fits comfortably in my hand and pocket .	1
my op ion is concentrate on what you need now , this product has excellent range , holds a teddy connection , ha sent even drooped one and i have it for more than a month now .	1
it looks really sleek and stylish , and does everything it claims .	1
by far this seems to be the best value out there for the money ; . if you are undecided , the creative zen micro seems to be the best choice .	1
excellent sound i mean the player has juice .	1
features : click wheel to navigate ; . ability to work with windows or mac ; . optional back lighting ( you can have it on all the time , or have it shut off to save battery power after 5 , 10 , or 20 seconds ) ; . ability to download pda info ; . automatic or manual download from itunes when ipod is plugged into your computer .	1
everything shines of quality .	1
excellent diaper disposal unit .	1
i must admit its not the best looking phone ever but then it has this look of static and absolute conviction that looks like everything a phone should be	1
when i got it home , i discovered that the menu options for sending messages via either text or email simply were n 't there :	0
i 've had this for 3 months now , and i am pleased with my decision .	1
the sd500 software install was seamless and the product documentation is very detailed .	1
another 5 star performance .	1
good image quality .	1
norton has been on a downhill slid recently with their products , but with this one , they have fallen off the cliff .	0
i love my dark blue zen micro and would definitely recommend it .	1
it 's still alive , still kicking , and still playing .	1
seriously , this thing has everything that a pro or expert amateur could want .	1
but canon never fails to amaze .	1
i have had the phone for 1 week , the signal quality has been great in the detroit area ( suburbs ) and in my recent road trip between detroit and northern kentucky ( cincinnati ) i experienced perfect signal and reception along i-75 , far superior to at & # 38 ; . t 's which does not work along several long stretches on that same route .	1
it still smelled .	0
it was easy to assemble , and the diapers fit perfectly into the little nook before they make their way into the pail portion .	1
the rate plans are also very good , at least for me .	1
very simple to use .	1
my two main requirements were longer battery life and lower price : i found both .	1
you can set the optical zoom before shooting and than while shooting video adjust a digital zoom in and out however due to the cameras light weight camera shake is a problem to contend with .	0
the combination of the price , storage size , and player features makes this player the best on the market .	1
great colors , pictures and white balance .	1
all and all , i am extremely pleased with this camera .	1
5 stars all the way ! .	1
ive had this phone for a year now - and its the best phone i have owned .	1
both of them keep disconnecting on me and interruptions are 3 or 4 times per day at best .	0
in fact , i 'd have to rate it among the worst i 've ever encountered .	0
supporting an operating system , symbian os , you can download and run a lot of programs on this phone .	1
navigating through the menus is super easy , especially if you have owned a previous model nokia phone .	1
it looks nice and sleek and the blue background light looks awesome against the black .	1
the controls are somewhat harder to use than the ipod , but i have gotten use to them , and even at the beginning did not think would justify the huge difference in price .	0
both the on/off switch ( soft start ) and the depth lock are within easy reach of the right hand .	1
the 2nd dvd player had a faulty power supply which caused to occasionally not turn on .	0
in fact , people who have been present while i changed my almost 3 month old son 's diaper have been amazed at how the very 'potent ' smell of the dirty diaper seems to disappear once i dispose of the diaper in the diaper champ .	1
this router was a huge disappointment .	0
but it wouldn 't let me turn the av protection back on and it wouldn 't stop with the alerts .	0
but , sometimes , if the champ is too full , the flip handle won 't function .	0
there are a couple of quirks that were a bit annoying like having to actually press the power button before the tray will open ( my perv . machine did it automatically ) , and the fact that the external display is too small and too faded to read from any significant distance .	0
although i disabled norton antispam , it is still there .	0
it is not a perfect product but it does have a lot going for it .	0
the battery is nice .	1
( i knew this before hand , and it is not that bad ) there is no tiff format .	0
creating and modifying playlists is easy and clean .	1
even though i never ventured into the cloth land , i was very impressed by how well this works at keeping diapers and their accompanying odor in the pail and out of our life ! .	1
the controls are somewhat harder to use , and there are some oddities about the software tagging system , but most people can live with this .	0
when i went to put in the new sd card i looked at the lcd screen -- cracked -- and the fluid gave a jackson pollock type appearance to the screen , black and blue and purple blotches and streaks -- useless .	0
this phone is fantastic .	1
unit worked great for 3 weeks then video output failed .	0
i registered for this item because of the good reviews it got , however i was not impressed .	0
transferring music is a breeze . i don 't subscribe to music services , but as mentioned on other reviews , micro allows you to subscribe to services other than itunes .	1
i can highly recommend this product because of its ease of use ( hardware and software ) , playback quality and value for the price .	1
it is n 't big and offensive , though you would n 't know it by looking at the pics it takes .	1
) -can 't be left in the car . . . it immediately shuts down with an overheating error if left in a hot car for too long .	0
it 's a highly rated , kick ass firewall program that 's bundled with the venerable norton antivirus , plus extras ( like norton antispam & norton parental control ) that make this security suite a must-have for people who have broadband internet access .	1
- not playing some dvds and then finally after less than 60 days , it just would not recognize anything i pop in it .	0
there is no comparison , the champ is easy and smell free , the genie was difficult to use one handed ( which is absolutly vital if you have a little one on a changing pad ) and there was a def finite odor emanating from the genie plus we found that the quick tie garbage bags where the ties are integrated into the bag work really well because there isn 't any added bulk around the sealing edge of the champ .	1
enough people have reported that their headphone jack does n 't work after a month of using the device to believe that creative has some inbuilt manufacturing or quality control problem .	0
the appearance is okay ed ( at least not ugly ) .	1
the clarity is unbelievable , which means you can cram almost the full 2 , 5 ! .	1
the only complaint i have is that the 1/4 `` collet will not sufficiently hold any of my 1/4 `` bits .	0
also , the touchpad seems to be waterproof to some degree .	1
new cds almost always began skipping after a few plays .	0
it can be frustrating and messy when you put that last diaper in before realizing the unit is full .	0
my friend has an ipod , and although the sound quality probably won 't meet most audiophile standards , the product itself is better than anything creative has made .	0
i haven 't seen any problems yet , but if you don 't like to tinker a bit , this player can be a little challenging to set up .	0
for the hobbiest , it 's probably a nice buy .	1
d ) software is another great misfortune -- hard to operate , crashes frequently , screwed my music library up , doesnt work with mp4s , the list goes on and on	0
it is amazingly small , it 's hard to believe all that has been packed into this camera .	1
the hitachi m12v is a dream to work with , smooth starts , adjustable speeds , micro-adjustable depth , and plenty of power to spare .	1
the camera is very easy to use , in fact on a recent trip this past week i was asked to take a picture of a vacationing elderly group .	1
i compared this to a lot of other cameras , believe me , it 's value for money .	1
one beef is the scroll , it does n 't work as well as i 'd like .	0
perhaps i bought the micro to be different , the cheaper price tag ( from amazon ) , the design , or avoiding the high ipod theft in nyc subways .	1
- bright , visible screen	1
colors : 10 variety of hot colors made it difficult to choose from .	1
the battery life is very good , i got about 90 minutes with the lcd turned on all the time , the first time around , and i have been using it with the lcd off every now and then , and have yet needed to recharge it .	1
2 the battery life seems to be on the short side but adequate for most situations .	0
it comes with a clearly written manual and the learning curve is not too too steep .	1
poor visibility on the keys .	0
the only knock i have is that the flash is underpowered .	0
the handles make it very comfortable to use and i experience little vibration .	1
the log functions helps you track down the incoming , outgoing calls in the most easy of ways .	1
they were easy to setup with plenty of power to hog through anything i have encountered .	1
the scroll button is sort of annoying to push - a nice button would be nicer but eh , not a big deal .	0
the zen xtra will transfer the files to the player , but not the folder name .	0
i have not yet seen any of the usual problems with digital pictures ( purple fringing , etc ) so i am very pleased .	1
shortly after i brought it , the plunging shafts started sticking .	0
sound quality is amazing . i was expecting worse , but its really good ( especially if your files have good sound quality ) .	1
also , with one click you can help train your spam killer .	1
it 's cheaper , holds more songs and is smaller .	1
the plusses are the features , look , good signal and battery life , memory size and robustness .	1
this phone doesn 't include phone card calling .	0
oh , and another is the cool `` halo `` light that surrounds the touch pad , and light 's up when you touch the screen , and how the light glows when the zen is connected to the computer .	1
this phone is a winner . . .	1
the quality is superb .	1
on top of being a workhorse and ultra reliable , it is just a plunge router that works really well .	1
the dual antenna is a plus and the design is slick .	1
its silver magnesium finish is stunning , and the sharp lines and excellent grip are better than any other camera i 've seen .	1
but it takes gorgeous pictures for a 2 . 1 mp camera .	1
a wise investment for the pocketbook & for the nose ! . ! . ! .	1
i added a crank for those times when i need to make fine adjustments , but i seldom use it .	0
touch ups , redeye , and so on are very easy to alter , and correct .	1
the storage capacity is great .	1
the first one lasted about 6 years of heavy use .	1
this setup using the cd was about as easy as learning how to open a refrigerator door for the first time .	1
i connected my camera to the tv and played some video clips and for a digital camera to take such good quality clips , i give it 5/5 stars = ) oh and btw , while you take video clips , you can zoom it too ! . ( digital zoom only though ) . . . but still . . . ( my old one can 't do that . . . you have to zoom it first if you want then take the video clip . )	1
the memory card fit nicely since i also have a pocket pc and it automatically installed a picture software on my pda willa .	1
i 've dropped the device several times onto hard surfaces , and it still works flawlessly .	1
it 's easy to use , and yet very feature rich .	1
they are extremely convent and you don 't have to buy them seperately has i-tunes , which provides quality music at low prices .	1
update : january 27th 2004 - the second one crapped out only after a week - dont buy this product ! .	0
they are not wow able good .	0
of course , if you try to reach symantec customer service you get useless automated systems unless you want to pay $ 30 per incident .	0
3 . play java games on it .	1
am so glad i bought this camera .	1
it is hot enough to be annoying .	0
i 'm not sure whether this is related to the charge cycle of its li-ion battery , the better firmware , or a combination of both factors .	1
1 ) price / gb of storage	1
i have stored 40 audio cds and i still have close to 2 . 8 gb free .	1
2- it is bulky and the small buttons on the sides are sloppy to use .	0
this is truly a clydesdale among the industry 3hp+ router workhorses .	1
the latest of internet security has antispam function that is helpful because i has received a mountain of those these days .	1
i highly recommend it .	1
white earbuds ( i replaced those with some shire headphones , big difference ) , a case , a stand , a clip ( which doesn 't really work ) , and a nice little zen micro bag .	1
- no voice activated dialing ( what were they thinking	0
we empty ours every day and we have never had an odors from it ! .	1
it plays original dvds and cds and plays mp3s and jpegs .	1
the software is somewhat nice to look at , using it is not the easiest .	0
i do n 't always care for gracenotes ' genre listings but it allows easy editing of id3 tags .	1
saw the hitachi on amazon . com with their $ 25 . 00 coupon ( at the time ) and could not resist trying it out .	1
this product sucks , the customer service from apex sucks .	0
1 ) slr like programming and exposure control gives you latitude to be creative , yet its program and auto exposure settings provide excellent photos if you do n 't want to bother with the settings .	1
this one is full of features ( has bluetooth ) .	1
at 8 ounces it is pretty light but not as light as the ipod .	1
first , the battery is replacable by the user , because creative intended it to be - unlike apple with the ipod .	1
the canon computer software used to download , sort , upload and manage your digital pictures on the computer is very nice and very easy to use .	1
cranking the master volume level up past the mark of the bar only leads to distortion and compromised sound quality .	0
and we definitely prefer our champ ! .	1
no memory stick slots -- although a rare feature , it would be nice to have extra storage , not that it needs it built-in lithium battery -- a huge hassle to bring this back ; . draining the battery once you get it helps , but removable/replaceable ones are a lot more convenient	0
i also use the phone as my modem via bluetooth to my apple power book ! .	1
my `` fast forward `` button works , but it takes a little extra pressure on it to make it go .	0
fyi , battery doesn 't die if you don 't use lcd	1
my other gripe is the incredibly crappy remote , which is worse than other , cheaper apex units .	0
the ipod is a fine cousin to the early macs and current offerings from jobs and company .	1
simple click buttons , back buttons volume and display are very easy to read , access and use .	1
speaker volume is loud and clear but it sacrifices the battery life .	0
- no option for caller-id pictures or individualized ringtones .	0
1 . record around 1 hour of video with phillips camcorder pro .	1
you 'll do that because the keys are tightly packed in and your fingers will likely press two keys at once .	0
in any case , navigation by artist / album is ok however i miss an ability to navigate by folders .	0
also , the display is `` hinged `` and it can be placed in a myriad of positions , or to protect it against any damage .	1
all-in-all , this is another excellent creative product .	1
the speed control is well designed and it works perfectly .	1
honestly , i love this player .	1
for me , it is as important that the tool be comfortable to use as it is that it produce a high-quality result .	1
this router does everything that it is supposed to do , so i dont really know how to talk that bad about it .	1
apple has definately fulfilled its reputation in making quality equipment , and surprisingly wasn 't as expensive as its reputation normally holds .	1
the documentation is much better than the documentation that came with the 11b router -- i needed a lot of help from linksys technical assistance to set that one up .	1
i did a ton of research and settled on this phone because of the small size , speakerphone option , great priced calling plan and access to my corporate email .	1
it 's important that people know the following : first , the interface is slow .	0
i 'm not willing to accept shoddy construction on something i paid over 250 dollars for .	0
in a week of use i 've never had to reboot the router .	1
this is the mp3 player with everything i need . as long as it lasts me a good three years , i 'm satisfied .	1
the power , low noise operation , and speed control makes up for the problems i have experienced .	1
it 's not a listed feature but , the one thing that sold the unit is that it plays mpeg video .	1
they also sound excellent compared to other earbuds including retail sets like panasonic 's and sennheisers .	1
5 ) its focusing system is also very flexible .	1
yes , there is a belt clip , but that doesn 't hold the extra battery and usb cable .	0
the camera is a dream to operate in auto mode , but also gives tremendous flexibility in aperture priority , shutter priority , and manual modes .	1
i find it pretty easy to use . . . and unlike the remote interface for the audigy 2 nx ( on the pc ) . . .	1
progressive scan player for a relatively low price ( although the better known manufacturers like toshiba , pioneer , and panasonic are now offering lower-priced progressive scan players as well ) .	1
the software runs smooth , it 's nice to look at , it 's very organized , easy to follow and makes things very simple .	1
a bit disappoint on that ! .	0
the photostitch software is very cool if you want to do any 360 degree panorama shots .	1
it took me about an hour to set up a wireless environment in her townhouse and she hasn 't called me yet with any problems .	1
the g3 is loaded with many useful features , and unlike many smaller digital cameras , it is easy to hold steady when using slower shutter speeds .	1
if you on the other hand always use automatic settings ( and not manual ) you should be just fine , as the camera features some of the best automatic settings i have ever seen .	1
i particularly like the `` txt `` file which records all the control information for all the pictures you take .	1
secondly , all info can be sent to a computer and w/o the hassle of usb wires .	1
also included in the `` games `` section is the great music trivia option - which tests your skill at being able to quickly place your own songs .	1
overall this is the best phone i have ever owned .	1
we have been using our diaper champ for almost 14 months now and we are very happy with it .	1
after about an hour it starts skipping like the dvd 's are dirty .	0
bottom line : if you value excellent sound quality and the ability to use music subscription services , and are willing to deal with the possibility ( not the certainty ) of setup gremlins , by all means get the zen micro .	1
norton internet security 2004 is one of the more buggy implementations .	0
* slick-looking design and improved interface	1
this makes for a great phone .	1
it does n 't have firewire , not a real complaint since most windows users do n 't generally have firewire cards themselves .	0
i actually took a friends word on it and went with this champ when registering and i am glad i did .	1
it is not reliable .	0
other than that , this is a perfect phone for those of us with no patience for flips .	1
in my table the m12v has been a real champ .	1
feedback on creative 's product support is universally poor ; . this is not limited to the zen , it applies to all the company 's products .	0
the product also leaves a faint smell in the room .	0
i have over 2000 files in my playlist at the moment and the random does a nice job mixing it up .	1
diapers can get stuck when turned around if you don 't tightly wrap them first .	0
the construction of the player is the cheesiest i have ever seen -- the front panel refused to clip in correctly , leaving a noticeable gap between the panel and base of the player .	0
video output stopped working .	0
and the battery life is bad ! .	0
the tech support is worthless too .	0
i have trashed this product on other opinion sites based on this major flaw alone .	0
this is the first phone i know of that has the large bright screen , infrared , bluetooth , usb connector and a speakerphone .	1
finding a particular song ( s ) or album on the nomad jukebox is fast and easy .	1
because of it 's hidden features ( no macro vision , non-regional ) i keep this baby around to watch non-american region dvd 's .	1
the only complaint i have is that when you push in the scroll wheel to select , you have to push straight in or it sticks .	0
1 ) it is perhaps too small .	0
other than this , i am very pleased with the router and would buy it again .	1
as often mentioned , the scroll tab is average , however , not difficult to use or horrible .	1
i 've printed several photos and the prints look as good as the screen views .	1
on the downside , i think the interface takes some getting used to and the zen software ! .	0
granted , i have only used this dvd player for about 2 hours setting it up for my mom for christmas , but that was long enough for me to find problems with this dvd player .	0
i have had the ipod mini and it performs on the level with my sound card but the micro beats it outright .	1
one bad thing though , i find the remote-control a bit flimsy and i predict it will most probably ' die ' before the player does .	0
i had no problems following their installation instructions .	1
now i know why - they are pieces of junk .	0
after consulting with creative 's customer support , they determined that the hard drive was broken and the only recourse was to send it in for repair , which would cost me $ 40 , since it 's past the 90 day warranty ( pretty short warranty ) .	0
the nokia 6600 is a decent extension of the smart phone line .	1
also , very light and portable .	1
they said they would refund all the money , but a month later , they tell me now the back-up disc is not refundable as its cost is purely handling and shipping - $ 15 to `` handle `` and ship a cd ? . -- and they have been indignant and combative on the phone and in emails .	0
regarding pc software support nokia suite does not work with some versions of xp as i tried to connect my phone via infrared port on my laptop .	0
quite simply , the firmware and / or the os that control this thing is not ready for prime time .	0
t simply the best player on the market for a really low price , so why look anywhere else ? .	1
i have set up it 's pda features with avaunt . com where you can download info from sites like weather , map quest maps/directions into it , which is great .	1
3 the picture editing software it came with is adequate , but not very robust .	0
the colors on the screen are not as crisp as i 'd have liked them to be .	0
however , i am very disappointed with this product and with symantec .	0
other than that this thing is great . . .	1
still , i was willing to overlook those things as this unit looks sleek and has a myriad of features ! .	1
i had a lot of problems setting it up , since the software given along with it is buggy .	0
after upgrading the drivers and firmware a few times and e-mailing tech support for some setting tips it now works fine .	1
pros . 1 . speed 2 . signal strength 3 . advanced configuration options	1
have used it frequently and have had no problems .	1
the player looked good right out of the box , offering lots of features and good styling .	1
so , don 't buy this or upgrade .	0
the next problem was that it didn 't recognize all the installed components , so it would not update them , most notably and importantly , virus definitions .	0
pros : - excellent sound , even with the headphones that come out of the box , but it absolutely rocked with my bose quiet comfort 2 set .	1
weak points : - touch pad : design could be better - volume control : controlled through the vertical strip , but purchasing a headphone with built-in volume control will do the trick .	0
seems to read most dvds fine , and reads quietly ( i had a pioneer player that had fairly loud disc spin noise ) .	1
this phone has the best battery , it lasts longer then my old 3210	1
i have overall been disappointed with nokia in the past , finding that samsung and motorola tended to have better quality phones .	0
upside : this one , like most nokias , receives a consistently strong signal ( i 've tried some samsung and sony ericsson models which were very weak on the reception front ) .	1
- radio quality : weak reception	0
connect the player to your computer ( via usb ) , open up mediasource , and you can listen to your stored mp3s as they stream directly from the xtra ! .	1
i do not count this as a negative , however , because it is not that much of a nuisance and at the price for what you get this router is way too good to pass up ! . ! . ! .	1
at the end of the day , what i wanted was a large-capacity player which allows me to easily play any album from my collection wherever i go , and the zen xtra 's combination of price , capacity and features easily meets those criteria .	1
lots of flaws , but exceptional sound quality , hd size , and price make it a good buy .	1
this is my second digital camera , but i 'm much more impressed with the canon s100 digital elph than i ever was with my kodak dc240 .	1
while the perfect odor free diaper pail has yet to be invented , the diaper champ is a good as it gets .	1
the cool thing about the ad-2600 it plays alot of different file like mp3 , wma cds , jpeg and kodak picture cds , dvd 's , dvd - / + r 's .	1
this isn 't the most rugged phone ever but then your not gon na play airplane with this , are you .	1
considering the price and specs , this might be the best buy out there for a large memory mp3 player .	1
3660 had similar features , but that is big in size .	1
i love the diaper champ , it is really easy to use and since you can use regular garbage bags it doesn 't cost an arm and a leg for refills .	1
i got this camera for an unbelievably low price at amazon .	1
it has a 3x optical zoom , which is average for these cameras .	0
* main dial is not backlit .	0
utility its got a huge list of features including an fm recorder a calender and contacts list .	1
if you love your cell phone games or changing your ring tones everyday , nokia beats everyone else .	1
take quick pictures with excelent resolution	1
many have complained about the software included but in my opinion it 's easy to use and effective .	1
creative has been making computer sound equipment for decades and with the zen micro it finally has something with enough quality and , yes , charm to win a nice size of the digital player pie .	1
aside from a 6mb++ built-in phone memory , there 's a 32mb mmc card that goes with it ! .	1
there is little meaningful difference between the two versions aside from the tedious activation process , and the product is currently rather buggy and has problems running unless cleanly installed on a formatted drive .	0
as a whole , the dvd player has a sleek design and works fine .	1
for the price and size and features , you can 't beat the price .	1
further , the tech specs suggest that it has better audio quality than the ipod .	1
i researched and researched between getting the canon s20 or the canon s100 , and of course i got the latter ! .	1
one of the dvd 's i received as a christmas present kept freezing .	0
it 's easy to install the security on this product but linksys doesn 't do a good job of explaining why its important .	1
6 ) excellent battery life - 14 hours beats ipod 's .	1
we constantly got `` windows virtual memory low `` error messages popping up foll wed by ridiculous slowdowns and/or crashes .	0
they fired away and the picture turned out quite nicely . ( as all of my pictures have thus far ) .	1
ripping & transferring tunes is basic , and pretty fast ( even on a 1 . 1 usb ) .	1
start up is so quick	1
the only not-so-positive comment i have is about the depth adjustment , it is not easy to micro-adjust accurately .	0
the software , mediasource , can not work on my pc . ( laptop , intel p4-2 . 0 , xp os ) .	0
i can go pretty far away from my router and still connect wirelessly .	1
the battery is replaceable ( a real plus ) and there is a leather case ( another real plus ) .	1
the opening could be a little wider , i suppose , but i haven 't really seen anything else that could be improved .	0
i purchased this phone for just 50 $ and there is no end to what i can do with it .	1
you can record your voice and turn it into a ringtone .	1
the zx boasts superior sound quality than the ipod , however it compromises a bit of the unit 's size in doing so .	1
even when i set it to low , it 's still very hard for me to adjust the player to where and what i want it to do .	0
feature wise , its a lot better than the dlink and netgear routers out there .	1
i will never buy their product again at this rate , and neither should you .	0
nice little phone . . . light compact . .	1
my file log was not responding and the program was not blocking any cookies or unauthorized sites .	0
- the unit itself its well structured , with just the buttons you need and none you do n 't .	1
built in microphone is great for recording short voice notes .	1
i did have to cut off the ears that hold the template guide in place so i could get those big panel raising bits in it .	0
it 's very quiet for a universal motor-driven tool , and the height adjustment stick and variable speed control are great .	1
otherwise , this is a great `` alternative `` mp3 player for those of use who don 't want to worship the mighty all-powerful apple .	1
the screen is large and bright and has all the info i need where i need it .	1
i no longer use it as a plunge router , only as a stationary or table mounted router .	0
they didn 't know what the problem could be .	0
again , every review written about the tech line is true . . . after waiting close to 45 minutes i finally spoke to a rep .	0
i hope it 's because it 's new and they are not out yet , but being without a remote is hard .	0
i also put a bend in the wrench so i can remove and install bits from the top of the table .	0
settings for just about everything , beautiful pics and beautiful prints .	1
6 ) the case occludes the display screen when it is closed .	0
i did not want to have high expectations for this apex player because of the price but it is definitely working out much better than what i would expect from an expensive high-end player .	1
battery recharge , is an awesome thing , because it recharges in only like 2-3 hours .	1
since batteries do run out on everything , this will also be a big money-saver since ipods , rivers , rca , dell , all have built-in batteries that need to be replaced by a technician ( apple charges 100 bones for the battery replacement ) .	1
it doesn 't bog down under load .	1
it 's being used daily and i have had none of the problems reported by other reviewers ( headphone jack , player locking up , etc ) .	1
i discovered that the camera has a manual mode that gives you total control over exposure , white balance , flash ( red eye , person against bright background , flash on , flash off , flash automatic ) .	1
the zooming lever is shaky , i hope it does not operate mechanically , otherwise you 'll feel uneasy .	0
people also have complained about the case not having a window , but that 's not really a big deal to me either -- the case is sturdy and offers very good protection .	1
sound quality ? . phenomenal .	1
nokia makes a great phone , that 's clear .	1
the diaper champ is the best ! .	1
b ) the screen is hard to read -- the cover hides it an already annoying poorly lit display	0
in conclusion , this player is beautiful .	1
the price is $ . . . more .	0
it 's such a great camera ! . i think it really was worth the investment = )	1
i have the software working fine now and the mp3 player is fantastic .	1
its compact and has rounded edges .	1
* lens visible in optical viewfinder .	0
i felt better with this one since it had the shuffle feature and i 'm not too keen on www . ipod 's dirty secret . com .	1
the battery life can 't be very long ; . let 's not be greedy .	0
the zen offered a great alternative .	1
compared to other leading dd mp3 players , the value per gb is the tops .	1
few month ago , it 's very popular among my community .	1
transfers are surprisingly quick through usb 2 . 0 .	1
you can even use the ipod to store files from your pc and export your outlook files to it .	1
the phone has such advantages as the excellent keypad and display , long rundown time and a good software suite .	1
despite this minor disappointment , i highly recommend the canon g3 anyone who is serious about digital photography .	1
as a loyal customer of norton/symantec products , i purchased internet security 2004 as a software firewall and could not be any more dissatisfied with the product ( and hence the one star rating ) .	0
1 ) the included lens cap is very loose on the camera .	0
bottom line , this camera will give you a lot of bang for the buck ! .	1
there are so many functions in this little , yet powerful camera ! .	1
this is the best purchase i 've made in a very long time .	1
oh , and the screen saver feature is pretty sweet ^ _ ^	1
the sound is great , and the volume is more than satisfactory for commutes and shutting out external noise .	1
i was having intermittent problems with it losing connection .	0
i am very pleased with this product and the price to match and have n 't had any problems .	1
the phone must be shut down & taken apart to change the memory card . . . and turning the phone back on takes a little while .	0
finally , making playlists from the computer can be complicated because the tracks are listed individually , and are organized by cd , which are not listed but are organized in alphabetical order .	0
comes with a installation cd which instructs you step by step to setting up the router .	1
the internet connection would go down every 5 mins when i used it with a p2p program called bit spirit .	0
believe me when i say this i have used and fingered all nokia phones and the 6600 has the best keypad	1
along the way we compared it to my wife 's t720i and the 6600 was superior in terms of battery life , connectivity bars and features .	1
after a lengthy and extensive journey for a feature-loaded , high performance , travel size camera , i initially gravitated to this little gem because of the superior picture quality 4 mega pixel .	1
i have never had this problem with any other software on my computer .	0
one also exhibited extremely slow speed when going to the menu .	0
so i e-mailed the online tech support with that simple question , and got a reply which was totally unresponsive ( it looked as though they didn 't actually read the e-mail and just sent back a few boilerplate paragraphs ) .	0
3 it is very compact but the controls are so well designed that they 're still easy to use .	1
there is no photo viewing option , however , there is a 20 gb photo ipod , but it costs $ 20 more .	0
3 no voice recorder -- this has also become an important and popular feature that the ipod unfortunately doesn 't have .	0
one : it 's size : it 's smaller than the ipod mini , and holds more music ( 5gb to the ipod mini 's 4gbs ) .	1
it played only one out of three dvd 's without problems , the other two being afflicted by a number of glitches .	0
some movies it played yesterday , it wo n 't play today .	0
that is , you can not access the internet at all .	0
we just recently had to buy another roll of bags . so $ 6 . 00 for a year of bags- can 't beat that ! . ! .	1
the only con i can think of is the lack of a mega-pixel camera .	0
there is also no voice recording , something most if not all mp3 players have that the ipod doesn 't .	0
just want a wireless router for home or your very small business , you can just get a wrt54g from here and configure it .	1
the player looks great , feels great , and sounds great .	1
it is so small that i am able to keep it in my pocket , and i don 't have to fear that it will get ruined in my pocket because it is so durable .	1
if there were any complaints i have , they are marginal , but one is apples ' proprietary set-up for music files , their incompatibility with other music services ( i . e . napster ) is down right wrong .	0
focusing on a display rack about 20 feet away in a brightly lit room during day time , pictures produced by this camera were blurry and in a shade of orange .	0
i got this phone yesterday and didn 't find any problems with it yet .	1
the champ did not start letting a little odor through until well over a year .	1
our norton internet/av 2004 was terrible right from the get go , so i 'd think that if steelworks is ok now , it should remain ok .	0
the eax settings are somewhat superfluous but not really a negative .	1
there are instructions to encrypt your personal wireless network so no one else can end up hogging/stealing your bandwidth .	1
mediasource did not recognize my tags ! .	0
i just purchased this phone and i think this is the coolest phone i ever had .	1
i would recommend this product to anyone .	1
the only beef i can raise in this regard is the pop-off face , that sometimes comes off a bit easily , but besides that it 's perfect .	0
i have a modern pc with lots of speed and memory , but this firewall just brought it to a halt .	0
the only downside to this is that it can get pretty stinky long before the pail is full .	0
it 's slightly lighter than the g2 and packed with even more features .	1
weaknesses are minor : the feel and layout of the remote control are only so-so ; . it does n 't show the complete file names of mp3s with really long names ; . you must cycle through every zoom setting ( 2x , 3x , 4x , 1/2x , etc . ) before getting back to normal size [ sorry if i 'm just ignorant of a way to get back to 1x quickly ] .	0
so yes , as with all software bundled with creative products , it was useless and ugly .	0
one more thing , the default ringtones that come with the phone are horrible .	0
i recently had to run a 3/4 `` straight bit through hard maple to make a deep dado and was amazed that this machine didn 't even slow down .	1
the program is called nomad and works great for me and seems to cover all the features the included windows software does .	1
buy this if you like mental challenges or trying how to pick locks .	0
the only beef that i have with it is that there is a little too much slop in the columns when the lock is not engaged .	0
this phone is one of the milestones in the history of the cellular phones .	1
and also , since it is teri band and since it uses sim-card , you can just use it in europe and many other parts of the world , wherever gsm exists .	1
my only reservations about this product concern the tagging process and the way it interacts with the software .	0
have tried to contact apex via e-mail ( customerservice @ apexdigital . com ) , but the e-mail address is not valid .	0
the vibration is not top .	0
unfortunately , it does not give you the option of installing ( or installing ) them individually .	0
this product is absolutely not ready for release .	0
it 's so cute . . . and behind the black panel it glows in a neon blue .	1
- great sound ! . i was very impressed , i encode at 192 kbps and the audio quality is great , especially with the better headphones .	1
this is a nice feature ( i . e . it 's early in the morning and you rather listen to `` easy listening `` rather than `` heavy metal `` - no problem .	1
i love that you can create custom playlists , and organize music in so many different ways .	1
now , the player 's ear phone jack is not working - i have to send it away again .	0
next , the big reason not to buy any norton product : if there 's a problem with it , norton charges $ 30 to even tell them about it .	0
the display and brightness on this phone is quite extraordinary .	1
when i opened the box , i was shocked by the size of this thing . . . it 's tiny ! .	1
compared to musicmatch , the software has a better filing system and easier to use .	1
so easy to set up , had some problems with my archos .	1
the click wheel is incredibly convenient , however it can be a little overly touchy at times , which will make you frustrated with your own fingers .	1
first i 'll start off by saying that this players hardware is pretty good . . .	1
the biggest problem is the installation .	0
ks almost without fail , no matter what your taste in music is : from relaxation music to hard rock , to hip hop , to korean and japanese , to afro-cuban and salsa , jazz , blues , country and pop , this feature performs well .	1
i tried as bunch of different formats to see if it would play and it did .	1
well , it was nice while it lasted .	1
nokia does not disappoint in this model .	1
this camera is ideal for people who want more power , but do n 't want to spend 1000s dollars on a camera .	1
the new hardware version does not run linux at all and most likely will not since the memory has been cut in half .	0
the other annoyance with this that you have to remove every single remnant of previous version of norton systemworks before you installs this .	0
6 the nikon coolpix line is a well-established line so you know support and parts are going to be available even when nikon releases a newer model .	1
the zen lives up to the audio quality i love and expect .	1
have had problems since the first day	0
the creative zen micro is a zen micro killer , not an ipod killer .	0
after nearly 800 pictures i have found that this nikon takes incredible pictures .	1
finally , after about a week 's use , the screen started to freeze on me .	0
i click pictures in jog format and because the phone has a bluetooth device i find it extremely easy to transfer pics to my pc and forth .	1
its well made and user friendly .	1
pick your favorite color and buy it .	1
why would anyone buy this when you can get a 20gb ipod that will hold 4 times the number of songs ( and even more if aac encoding is used ) for the same price ? . ? . ? .	0
i 'm probably the only person that dislikes the itunes software .	0
i downloaded the new firmware which was supposed to take care of the problem , but it hasn 't worked .	0
for the price it is a well spent investment ! .	1
not only is it functional and runs super smooth & fast , but it is also eye candy .	1
2 . it takes a while for the camera to actually capture the photograph from the time you click the button and i have seen people becoming a little impatient waiting for the flash to glow .	0
there are lots of interesting features included such as eax , and customization .	1
one bad thing is that it comes with a pitiful 32mb compactflash card , and for most purposes , it is not enough .	0
incredible memory ! .	1
the zen serves as a back-up device as well as a player .	1
they have the worst service of any of the major companies .	0
first of all the player 's sound quality is superior to the ipod .	1
overall build quality , good macros-results , impressive video-quality , good pictures with flash ( good colours , sharp results ) , excellent auto white balance .	1
it came with a good fence that is simple yet precise and thats well made and won 't break .	1
* price and capacity	1
relative to what i can easily achieve with external flash on my nikon slr , the internal flash on the g3 produces harsh , flat images with ugly hot spots .	0
the `` scene `` mode works well for the remainder of shots that are not going to be in a `` regular `` setting .	1
new firmware update allows for automatic wireless network configuration .	1
it seems to me that after the focus and metering are complete there is quite a lag before the shutter ? .	0
what a disappointment ! .	0
some of the higher pitched rings are very easy to hear , but not easy to listen to .	0
it 's low profile , space saving design looks nice .	1
no way to contact their customer service .	0
the zen micro ( mine 's black ) has a lot going for it .	1
sending the unit to the company of purchase which costs about $ 90 ) , the ability to record with a built-in microphone ( great for recording reminders and meetings ) , very sturdy construction , and not to mention . . . the sound quality is excellent ! .	1
it is made of plastic .	0
i wash ours out with lysol each time i empty it , and that helps , but when its hot out- well , just be prepared .	0
it has a clear blue light that allows you to see everything on the screen easily .	1
and if you 're a mac user like me , they 've naturally made sure you have no viable alternative .	0
i tried e-mailing apex and they come back saying undeliverable .	0
it wo n 't play 80 % of my movies , which are all store bough ten .	0
but , i would definately recommend this phone .	1
the phone itself is pretty nice .	1
less than a month later the screen freezes and eventually shows `` no disc . ``	0
good sound -- plays very nicely , even though the stock headphones are kind of weak durable -- not the most durable because its mostly plastic , but very compact and sturdy	1
another problem i had with this camera was the zoom function .	0
even leaving it on the default setting ( without the eax enhancements ) produces crystal clear playback .	1
this is ridiculous .	0
however the main reason i am not satisfied with this product is the fact that it will lock up at odd times .	0
for a specific location , i still think its a great phone .	1
this is a very light phone - a little less than 3 oz , with long battery life ( not as long as the new polymer technology ) .	1
2 ) storage capacity	1
so much safer than the others that require a two handed operation ! .	1
when you look through the viewfinder ( not the lcd ) the bottom left corner of the picture ( about 15 % ) is blocked by the lens .	0
however , if there was one thing i liked about the creative , it would be the car adapter .	1
again , this is a design flaw in the headphone ! .	0
the screen is quite big ( between all hand phone ) , but the just about 65000 color .	1
when i finally got it working , it only worked properly for many a month .	0
i bought my canon g3 about a month ago and i have to say i am very satisfied .	1
we got two phones for the t-mobile family plan ( indeed very easy to switch to the family plan ) and one came with a broken headphone ( can hear but can not be heard ) and one died today after less than two weeks of use .	0
such a small zoom length that you would think that the zoom would be silent since it hardly zooms in . . . wrong ! .	0
yeah - this program protects your computer all right - by locking you off the internet .	0
i was using the cheaper pail . . . and it worked ok until the opening device fell apart .	1
the video recorders a bit odd , sometimes i get 9 secs on my recordings , sometimes i get 17 .	0
also , i can 't understand why the software does not ignore `` the `` when it lists the cds in alphabetical order .	0
*the ipod is overly sensitive to just about everything and gets scratched easily .	0
i thought this camera was awful and i did tons of research on cnet and other sites .	0
this item is exceptional i like the ease of use and it held the odor in great .	1
being a creative product the playback quality is unbeatable .	1
i am impressed with this camera inside and out .	1
like other reviewers , installation was hell .	0
mine installed no problem ( but i did uninstall my norton anti-virus 2002 & personal firewall 2002 first ) .	1
they look fantastic .	1
great screen and great sound .	1
big lcd screen - at least for me , 2 `` is enough	1
this phone is highly recommended otherwise .	1
another good feature is that you can charge the battery by just connecting the player to your computer using the usb cable .	1
sometimes the pictures are on the dark side , but i 'm able to fix that using the photoshop 6 . 0 `` adjust levels `` function . . . not sure how a person would do that without photoshop , though .	0
the sound is great , the portability , etc . . . all the `` stuff `` you expect from a good mp-3 player , this zen micro has it .	1
the box included a little polyester , pull-string bag , ( yes , you read right a bag , something a boy would carry ten marbles in ) and tries to pass it off as the case .	0
the only two minor issues i have with the camera are the lens cap ( it is not very snug and can come off too easily ) and the lens itself ( it partially obstructs the view through the viewfinder but not views through the lcd ) .	0
i 've attempted to connect this unit to several different tvs , using a multitude of connection methods , and i still can 't get a video signal from the machine .	0
still has terrible software .	0
scroll button - the scroll wheel was a nice idea to keep less clutter , but the button would sometimes get stuck or keep scrolling .	0
i upgraded from nis 2003 , and the change in performance has not been noticeable .	1
this is a well-made and powerful tool .	1
most of us just want to plug and play , not spend a year navigating a maze of complicated options . . . like transfering everything on a hard drive to this stupid thing .	0
it has a few inconveniences : one is that the songs do not automatically play one after another like on a cd .	0
i have not even used my new dvd player and already i am disappointed ! .	0
i love this player and am extremely happy with my decision .	1
i 've got a buddy who 's trying to offload his almost new $ 300 systematic because he saw what this router can do .	1
b ) the lens cover is surely loose , i already accidently finger-printed the len a few times , and au lens ti gt and cause potential damage .	0
finally , compare the ipod to other players on a cost/gb , and also consider ease of use .	1
i was a little disappointed in the low end .	0
really easy to use .	1
good looks	1
but the major problem i had was with the software .	0
they are a royal pain to install , and don 't function properly once finally installed -- if you can install them at all .	0
too bad the product is cumbersome and intertwined trying to do so much at one time .	0
as for bluetooth , no problems at all .	1
but for now it appears that this player does n 't play well with itunes .	0
i installed , activated and registered nis 2004 without issue .	1
it does play a wide range of formats as advertised which is very nice .	1
kind of bulky and the wheel is awkward , but i can deal with that .	0
this model does have the traditional key arrangement , it 's just that they are really close to one another , and have unconventional shapes , so it takes a big getting used to for someone like me with big hands .	0
have had the nokia 6600 for a year now and am generally very happy with it and with t-mobile .	1
many of these programs are shareware , some can be purchased by paying a little bit of bucks .	1
there is an open-source firmware on the net which has tons of extra features .	1
the range is terrific , i am using this for my home and i was transferring at 50+mbs from my backyard .	1
only one disk played through to completion successfully .	0
i 've played around with the equalizer settings and am satisfied at the range of choices i have there too .	1
i could take 1/2 `` passes and it still didn 't skip a beat .	1
you can 't change the battery , so i don 't know what i 'm going to do in a year or so .	0
however , it does not play windows media and i can not get it to play any of my dix rips .	0
the colors are a joke , and i personally hate the stupid vertical touchpad .	0
now there is one more complaint i have about the g3 and that is the software that comes with it for processing raw images ( i only shoot in raw image mode and the first thing i did was replace the 32 mbyte cf with a 512 mbyte cf , which gives me 130 raw images , as opposed to 7 ! .	0
first 4 months it was in our bedroom and we did not even smell any odor .	1
even the battery life is great - it advertises 14 hours , it 's actually a little less but still good .	1
there are extra features packed inside this unit ( some that most will hardly ever use ) such as fm radio tuner , voice recorder , calendar , and alarm clock .	1
sure , it slows it down a little , but that 's expected .	1
made the camera totally inoperable .	0
i am just in love with this phone , especially after using a more primitive phone about 3 years .	1
the nokia 6600 is a great phone , good games , good camera .	1
i 'm an advocate of nokia , but this phone and the following models ( 7610 ) , are seemingly a desperate trial at squeezing as much under-engineered and experimental technologies in one sloppy phone .	0
you can also assign special rings and graphics to special people when they call .	1
the first thing i did was upgrade the firmware to the version required for wmp10 , it syncs flawlessly with media player and transfers are fast .	1
5 . check traffic411 . com for la traffic on the 405 .	1
i did not managed to make creative nomad explorer to work .	0
all in all this is a 5 star piece of equipment .	1
2 ) the body construction - buttons , casing , etc , are too plastic .	0
the sound quality is excellent , accessing the music is easy , and the controls are generally well thought out .	1
even though i have the parental controls off it constantly starts updating them then freezes my computer .	0
there were no other obvious setup instructions - though there was a soft copy manual , it did not give an answer readily on what do to .	0
bottom line . . . great product , unbeatable price .	1
frankly , i think this is one of the niftiest pieces of hardware i 've ever used .	1
it 's so small and light , even with a spare battery , you really can take it anywhere .	1
this is really a nice diaper pail .	1
the new router came with an updated setup utility that makes getting the router installed a fairly straight forward process .	1
i looked into buying an inexpensive dvd player that had more than the standard set of features and this item seemed to be the best in that category .	1
the most recent is that it will stop responding to the on/off button .	0
i have to say that i am very happy with it so far .	1
in true nokia style , the phone is simple to use and despite its delicate appearance , this little guy is as durable as other nokias i have owned .	1
it feels like i 'm back to the days of 56k dial-up internet service , even though i 'm running a dell 2ghz pentium 4 with 256mb memory and have had excellent broadband service for the past year .	0
no skips , and it hasn 't faltered once ( despite your inevitable drop or two .	1
the best part about this router is now i have a dhaka server .	1
the lens retracts and has its own metal cover so you don 't need to fuss with a lens cap .	1
it plays alternate video formats ( cads , svcds , cods ) very well .	1
i took my zen micro with me over the weekend , and was forced to lug my laptop with me on the trip for one reason : to keep the zen micro charged .	0
after using it for about a month , i can state unequivocally that this nikon definitely delivers a huge bang for the buck .	1
not only is it much more cost effective ( you can use regular trash bags rather than refills at $ 5 a pop ) , it is easier to use and clean , and has a larger capacity .	1
the g3 had problems focusing in low light and would not take the picture when the shutter was pressed but after the shutter had been released a few seconds .	0
this unit comes with the usb/firewire cable as a standard item now .	1
purchased the ad-2600 about a month ago and have had numerous problems with it .	0
recently bought this coolpix 4300 along with a 256mb ultra flash card . as expected , i happily found that qualities of the picture are excellent with 3m-4m pixel / fine combos and many of the user-friendly functions are very similar to slr models , and with added convenience of a digital camera that you can see pictures immediately .	1
about the product : the zen micro is a sleek , stylish device that caters not just to `` hip `` youngsters but to people of all walks of life who like to listen on the go without having to worry frequently about battery life , size , or the `` awkward `` factor .	1
the phone can use any midi audio file as a ringtone .	1
when it 's working , it 's great but it is very temper mental .	1
the focus is great , though , if you are not taking a macro shot .	1
e ) the case is too small -- it took me like a half hour just to get this monstrosity to fit in its cage	0
the phone is very light weight .	1
the fit and finish of the product is first-rate .	1
a larger memory card and extra battery are good things to buy .	0
one downside : as of this writing , t-mobile has n 't updated their t-zone system to fully support the 6610 .	0
the sliding latch is does not stay in place .	0
again , the headphone jack on this thing is garbage .	0
for the price i don 't think you can beat it .	1
in fact , it caused my system to hang more times than not , so i uninstalled it and stuck with mediasource 100 % .	0
my son tried it and he too couldn 't change the speed without an assist .	0
only then did i learn the truth -- this phone does not work with palm pdas ! .	0
i love the slim design ; . the weight would only be an issue if it were bulky .	1
the scroll bar again takes some getting used to .	0
i 've have many nokia 's and while this is the best for features , it 's the worst as a phone .	0
i can not find a carrier for this phone i like , end up just tossing it in my purse .	0
to install that version you have to uninstall from the window registery anything called symantec or nortron , . . . also from the common files in the program folder the symantec folder has to be deleted .	0
the smooth operation variable speed and a set of good masada bits will provide just the right combination for great predictable results .	1
+ the memory ( 40 gb ) is staggering .	1
price ! .	1
if you buying this player to use with napster to go , wait a while .	0
the phone also sports an image gallery ( with option camera attachment ) , a calendar / organizer , alarm clock with snooze , fm radio ( way cool , even if it is just through an ear-peice ) , games , java applications and gprs high-speed internet connection .	1
once again it won 't reinstall , even with online and email assistance from symantect technicians .	0
the only problem i have with the buttons is that the power button and print/share button don 't have a nice click .	0
overall , i am very pleased with it .	1
i almost always get a good strong signal , even in fairly remote areas here in the southwest .	1
long reboots due to norton taking forever to boot .	0
using the software itunes is relatively simple , you just plug the usb cable in , wait your machine to detect the ipod and voila , any songs listed in your itunes library will be transfer ed on over to the ipod .	1
it is a bit cumbersome , and i can 't get to the songs i want as quickly .	0
i have less money invested in the router table and dual routers than i would have if i had purchased a single cheap reliant sharper .	1
the only minor nits i have with the camera are it is fairly boxy looking , it needs a wrist strap instead of a neck strap , and it is a bit slow between shots .	0
one other issue is that the headphone jack is unique to nokia , so standard headphones will not work .	0
despite its being slightly larger than the ipod , i must say i was surprised to see how small it was when i unwrapped the box ! .	1
cons breaks easily .	0
i do give create to creative for their attractive design .	1
the price is incredible with the bonus pack and hitachi 's $ 25 incentive ( you need the code -- -go to tool seeker . com and it tells you )	1
- the cover that came with it did n 't fit very well	0
first let me say that it is much smaller than it looks on the web and it also looks better .	1
as it stands now , the case is pretty useless unless you 're packing the player up for travel , or if you load up all your songs beforehand .	0
the instruction manuals and documentation are excellent so that the learning curve will be much less steep .	1
uploading the images to my windows-based pc is very fast and simple .	1
it definitely keeps the smell out .	1
although it has chubby hips , the device isn 't really so big .	1
the speakerphone , the radio , all features work perfectly .	1
after 4 attempted installs , i have finally given up .	0
i did buy the notmad software a week ago and found that a vast improvement .	1
have a great and easy to use bundled software	1
the sd500 has only been in my possession for a little over 3 months , and the lcd has been broken twice .	0
i read in consumer reports that apex is a reliable brand , but with my experience and reading the other reviews , i think i will be doing a little more homework before considering another apex product .	0
apex has still not responded to my email describing the problem after almost a week and their customer service line is always busy .	0
the computer interface is 90 % good , only losing points due to the fact that `` creative `` branding is all over the place within it .	1
the inside pics , can be a bit challenging , but when you can instantly delete pics you dont like , that are not focused perfectly , or need lighting adjustments , make this camera very simple and effective .	0
i don 't have problems with the depth adjustment , the speed control , the collet ( i haven 't tried the 1/4 `` sleeve yet ) .	1
after a recent update , i can no longer open more then 1 browser window .	0
then my dvds would stop playing in the middle , or not even be read at all .	0
you can take pic of your friends and the picture will pop up when they call .	1
i have ice age and it keeps telling me no disc .	0
this did n 't bother me too much because it 's still a decent size .	1
i am stunned and amazed at the quality of the raw images i am getting from this g3 ( in conjunction with my professional flash system ) , and can easily put up with the cameras limitations , because ive never seen anything better within its resolution limits .	1
i find the major problem with this item is that if you have a very messy diaper and can 't tightly bundle it without a mess , the mess gets all over the module that dumps the diaper and the stink is outside of the diaper pail .	0
i send my camera to nikon for servicing , took them a whole 6 weeks to diagnose the problem .	0
it is crystal clear .	1
this means that there is a good chance that this phone will not break easily like typical american phones .	1
i only wanted something to play dvds on but this machine has all these other features that i probably will never use but it 's nice to know that there 're there .	1
the navigation takes so much time that it would eventually drive you crazy .	0
second , the menu system and controls are poorly designed .	0
i found using the supplied mediasource software very easy .	1
battery life is not long enough if and only if you take a lot of video clips and play it back on the camera a lot of times . . . the camera/battery gets a little bit warm too when you use it for a long time but it 's normal .	0
- the unit is easy to use and intuitive .	1
is not as intuitive as i would like .	0
this simple nuance was too much for nokia , and they still refuse to acknowledge the fact that their technician could have broken the phone or repair the phone for free .	0
2 ) the remote works , but then it does not work , and you are left standing there thinking you are doing something wrong .	0
i uploaded the drivers and new software in 15 minutes - no crashes or problems .	1
the manual does a fine job filling in any blanks that remain .	1
sure , this thing is definitely more cost-effective than an ipod .	1
fm transmitter ( belkin has a good one ) to use zen with your car stereo fm tuner latest find : connected this baby to my $ 3800 audiophile audio system and it produced clean sound compared to ipod .	1
there is no odor and it is very easy to use .	1
whether you 're taking a brisk jog , waiting for a bus or just having lunch at the park , you 'll be glad you had the fm radio .	1
the ipod comes formatted for the mac , but within seconds of plugging it into a pc , is automatically reformatted for windows . ( the hp version comes with windows formatting , and takes seconds to change to mac . ) although the ipod can be changed from one format to another , you will lose all of your music and data when doing so .	0
i found using mediasource to load your songs to the nomad jukebox to be much easier and faster than using windows explorer .	1
i like the speed control .	1
the battery on mine lasts 2 days if i don 't play games that much , and it only takes 90 mins to charge from flat .	1
the pics can be touched up in photoshop , and be printed at 4x6 and they look great ! .	1
while the ease of use was very impressive , i was put off by the price -- about $ 130 more than what i paid amazon for this player .	1
i find it very stable and comfortable to use , it doesn 't jump around or make me feel like i need to use a lot of arm strength to keep it under control , and it has very good visibility to see your cut .	1
i guess the two antennae help with that besides making it look cooler .	1
even at the `` normal `` setting , a 8x10 print ! . shows not a single sign of visible rendering or pixels - you could never tell that the picture has been taken by a `` digital `` .	1
this camera is bulletproof .	1
simple and it works ! .	1
this camera has none of these flaws and will be something you 'll use all the time .	1
we tried the `` finding memo `` dvd and when we got to ~ chapter 28 , the frames started to freeze for no reason .	0
but with a low price , comes lower quality .	0
3 ) joy stick for eazy navigation , 35mb memory card to store the pictures and stuff .	1
only owned it about two weeks so i expect we 're looking at getting another progressive scan dvd player of higher quality very soon .	0
well linksys was one of the original big players in the router industry .	1
the player has firmware , which will remove the glitches , if there are any .	1
it is versatile and seems to be one of the best .	1
in addition it comes with a sleek and powerful headset .	1
i have read the installation instructions for both nis 2004 and navy 2004 prior to installation , but still ended up with the same result . . . junk software .	0
even with that , i highly recommend this router - outstanding performer .	1
i use a nokia 6600 , it has a great color tft display and camera equipped with zoom , which complement a built-in video recorder with audio and a real one player for playback and streaming of 3gpp-compatible and real media video clips .	1
i just wished that it didn 't fill up so fast ! .	0
) the zen micro appears sturdy and well constructed , hefty , if you will , far better than many of its competitors . .	1
the player looks so much better when you 're actually holding it .	1
however after purchasing a 20 gb ipod it 's clear to see the superiority .	1
it would not hang up on calls .	0
2 the camera is so small that when you attach some lenses i have the 19mm wide-angle -- wc-e 68 , the optical viewfinder is partially obscured .	0
way less expensive than the ipod .	1
1 . pictures taken in an indoor setting are a little dull and rarely hazy if you tend to take photographs from a distance .	0
and so far , i 've been very pleased .	1
what the g3 raw image software gives you is a fantasy world designed to please the uncritical .	0
there are better cameras but none anywhere near as light and compact .	1
a lot of people complain about the creative software , but i actually find creative mediasource organizer to have some strengths over itunes .	1
the only reason for not giving it 5 stars : the claimed battery life of 12 hours is very optimistic - possible maybe if you really sit down and listen continuously for 12 hours without ever touching the player , but in real life i can probably get 6-8 hours at most .	0
after using it , i found the size to be perfect for carrying in a pocket .	1
the i-pod is the best thing i have ever used .	1
i love the bluetooth ; . easy to use with a wireless abra headset .	1
remember , this phone uses an operating system - symbian . . . and it 's feature-rich w/ 65k colors .	1
from day one , we 've had hangups , crashes , glitches , continual reboots , long shutdowns due to `` cc app . exe `` program running which is a norton program .	0
i could make phone calls from locations i previously could not ( like my apartment ) .	1
i have owned some kind of creative audio product since 1993 and have never had to call tech support .	1
the two biggest things is the excellent working speakerphone `` unlike the nokia 3650 `` and the superb reception nokia is known for in the gsm phones they make . . .	1
the machine is very light and slim and fits nicely into my tv stand .	1
it fits into a hand well , it has a removable battery ( this is important ) , great sound quality , fm stereo , recorder , smooth ui , and a feature that most uni pods lack . . . char ! .	1
it is light enough to carry around all day without bother .	1
all in all , this product is definitely one i would recommend and certainly worth the very reasonable price .	1
the scroll wheel , to be blunt , sucks .	0
there are a lot of things i like about it .	1
the software installed flawlessly and without any problems on my windows 2k machine .	1
im a more happier person after discovering the i/p button ! .	1
could be better to be a perfect camera ( and some competitors do some of this better ) : purple fringing , details in high-light area , noise over iso100 , red-eyes , ( few ) processing artefact 's , ( few ) loss of some details especially of the hairs of peoples in low light , automatic autofocus , whizzing while video-playback , better video compression ( smaller viedo-files ) , more manual controls , longer lasting battery , indicator for battery , better protection of the lcd , less weight .	1
unfortunately , linksys does not write the best documentation .	0
the eax mode that keeps the volume at the same level for any song will come in handy when i take my holiday plane rides .	1
since zen does not have an external antenna it has some problems catching weak signals but it works .	0
i find that it is stable in my hands and its ' weight actually contributes to that stability .	1
i assumed they had exceptional service , but their reception in my area ( laos angele 's ) is horrendous .	0
it 's small , light and nice looking and the display is decent as well .	1
otherwise , it is difficult to figure out and awkward .	0
creative labs customer support website is useless .	0
the macro mode works well , although it takes some practice since the camera doesn 't clearly indicate when it can 't focus .	1
if i had to do it over again , even with the cost savings of using any type of bag , i would go w/ the diaper genie .	1
the ipod is not overpriced compared to the market .	1
the sound is excellent as one would suspect from a creative product .	1
while transferring songs to the player , the interface has crashed a few times ( 4-5 times in a 4-5 hour period ) normally this would cause me major concern , but it appears that this bug is reproducible , which leads me to believe that creative will fix it with a patched version shortly ( or maybe it 's just my computer ) .	0
the photos in the address book are terribly scaled too ; . they look as though they were built out of lego 's .	0
well , this apex dvd player turned out great ! .	1
a few of my work constituents owned the g2 and highly recommended the canon for picture quality .	1
works pretty well .	1
if you do n 't have tags , it 'll lump all of your tracks into the same directory and they can not be searched via artist or album as the zen does not recognize folders .	0
if you haven 't noticed , they designed it so that you can also take vertical pictures when you do the self-timer .	1
in noisy environment , it 's hard to hear from the earpiece .	0
this camera takes amazing pictures and its size can not be beat .	1
i 've only had this camera for a few days , but it 's been great .	1
the nomad explorer provide most of the functionality offered by 3rd party programs like notmad .	1
i 've been using the g3 for about six weeks and it has proven itself to be all that it 's advertised .	1
do not buy this product --	0
i really regret signing up with t-mobile , but i 'm stuck with them for the next 6 months of the contract .	0
it 's also easy to empty out .	1
again , this doesn 't affect regular mp3 files - just subscription drm-encoded files , like those from napster-to-go or yahoo music unlimited .	0
after 10 years , i now downloaded mccaffee 's product after calling their support . . . . they answered quickly , and for free , and were very helpful .	0
the apex 2600 has been a steady performer for me .	1
and the remote is cheap and ch easy - not sure how long it 'll last , but for 50 bucks what the heck ! .	0
the storage capacity is great for me --	1
seemed like a good deal , but this pps frequently can not recognize dvds and music cds -- takes a long time loading and then concludes , `` no disc `` .	0
i noticed that the micro adjustment knob and collet are well made and work well too .	1
we tried it out christmas night and it worked great .	1
we also had a problem with diaper wipes getting caught when the top was flipped .	0
but this by far is the best phone out there right now ! .	1
there is absolutely nothing useful at the symantec/norton site .	0
configuring it for a home network was almost impossible .	0
creative has excellent music software , a very responsive tech support group ( they are quick on firmware updates , and make them publicly available ) , and usually a good array of accessories .	1
the dynamic range seems not quite as good as the kodak dc260 .	0
this camera has canon 's great calorimetry , plus what you see in the lcd is what you get .	1
the way you have to shove your fingers under it and pull is just too tight .	0
i like to take pictures when i go out at night and perhaps some people would complain that noise levels are high at higher iso 's but i don 't really care that much , i think it gives the pictures a certain real-life quality .	1
i 'll be getting a second one for my router table ! .	1
the cut-outs for the controls is not thought out as there is too much material in the way to adequately access the controls , especially the scroll wheel .	0
also , the battery 's aren 't user replaceable .	0
as with most headphones that come with any type of music player , i recommend throwing these into the nearest river , unless you like having hard , round pieces of plastic in your ears .	0
this is a great camera for you ! .	1
and it 's the largest diaper pail i 've seen without taking up more floor space .	1
1 ) fragile ( i broke the 1st one within 10 days )	0
it 's great to switch to spot metering and actually see it working on the lcd screen .	1
one still works fine , the other quit after one day .	0
their products have been great and have saved my bacon on numerous occasions .	1
this phone is not suitable for fast people , maybe only for old people .	0
definitely a great camera .	1
t610 supports only midi files .	0
i use the scented bags and even if i don 't no smell ! .	1
that 's it for now , what are you doing still reading this , click the `` add to cart `` button already ! .	1
the battery issue is superficially a concern , but any reasonable solder-jockey ( such as myself : - ) can pop in a new one when the time comes ( based upon the plentiful info gained from a go ogle for 'ipod battery replacement ' ) .	0
i have been very impressed with my purchase of the sd500 i bought it at the beginning of the month as the ultimate pocket camera and have shot 300 images so far with it .	1
+sorts music by artist , album , genre , etc . . . it 's easy to wade through 5 gigs of tunes to find what you 're looking for .	1
the screen 's large and easily read .	1
the bottom line for me is that i am very happy with this product .	1
es , the interface took a little getting used to , but once i did , it 's almost second nature now .	0
as for itunes , i don 't find it to be as good as the windows media player as a computer mp3 player , but it is good enough .	1
multiple users on one machine never seemed to behave like you 'd expect .	0
i find the apex ad-2600 to be a great buy .	1
it would just spin up and stop , and display `` no disc `` .	0
( . . . ) like most soho routers , it has nearly non-existant logging .	0
the price / performance looked just right .	1
the infrared is a blessing if you have a previous nokia and want to transfer your old phone book to this phone , saved me hours of re-entering my numbers .	1
the phone does not have an mp3-player , fm radio , 200k+ color screen , megapixel camera , quad band , pda , photo editor .	0
in addition , i don 't believe that it is odorless .	0
but if you 've used a slr 35mm camera , the controls are very intuitive ! .	1
i still need to read up on some of the security settings , etc to fully understand all that 's up there , but bottom-line is that the installation was like night and day compared to the speed boost router .	1
i did not conduct a rigorous test , but just took some identical shots in identical lighting with both cameras , and the canon won hands down .	1
i got a 1gb mmc upgrade for this phone and now i can :	1
while i have not had the `` privilege `` , as many call it , of owning an ipod , based on the experience of friends who have had some misfortune with their ipod ( and subsequently purchased the zen touch or zen micro ) , i can pretty much rest assured that my decision to purchase the zen micro was one of the more informed ones .	1
the headphones have great sound and durability and mine came with some extras when i bought it ( a stand , a belt hook , charger ) that i know doesn 't come with every one .	1
6 . the zen nx battery requires the ac adapter to recharge ; . it does not charge by usb cable ; . this is not tragic , but usb recharging would be a convenient ( additional ) choice .	0
it plays just about any format ( check before you buy if it plays yours . )	1
i was worried that 4 megapixel photos would download more slowly , but there 's no difference in working with the files .	1
i 've taken about hundred shot with the canon , in varying lighting situations , all in auto mode , and not one blurry picture ! . ! . ! .	1
the battery life of this phone is at most 2 days and at least one day at excessive use .	0
it also costs a lot less than the ipod .	1
i didnt get ipod because i dont especially like itunes ( no music i want , but thats just me ) and the creative product was cheaper ; . and i needed to be able to use wma files .	1
if you use linux and want gr ps and/or want to use a handsfree bluetooth device , and want a decent camera -- this is the phone for you .	1
the one other thing i observed while i had the nomad is that the front cover , which is taken off to have access to the battery , seemed to come undone very easily .	0
this camera is so easy to use ! .	1
if i could , i 'd trade-up on my creative muvo2 and snag a zen micro tomorrow .	1
unarguably better than apple 's , and nice earbuds to boot .	1
it 's kinda heavy , kinda like having a walkman .	0
having spent considerable time with professional video gear , i find onscreen displays annoying .	0
i bought my zen micro three months ago mainly because i preferred the size and style to the ipod mini .	1
i also like the fact that you can edit your mp3 titles , etc .	1
they claim to respond in a 24 hour period yet it 's been 2 weeks without a reply .	0
a lot of people are having problems with the firmware update required to use the player for napster to go . . the firmware is beta and they are are a lot of bugs in it .	0
i 've since gotten the linksys modem ( befcmu10 ) and stacked it with the wrt54g router and it works fantastic ! . ! . ! .	1
download it fast to your computer	1
my music demands are pretty intense and this handles those demands without problems .	1
all that said , i am a little disappointed with the quality of the pictures from the camera .	0
t-mobile was a pretty good server .	1
the best 4 megapixel/4x optical zoom camera available and fairly easy to use .	1
all i have to say is that the pics i get with my sd500 are both rich and color and high in detail , the user interface is awesome , the battery charger is tiny and super light and sd cards are relatively cheap and getting cheaper all the time .	1
the keys are laid out normal so there is no guessing .	1
norton support is completely pathetic .	0
i would give it about 6 or 7 hours , although it will probably get better after a few charge cycles .	0
it was immediately noticeable that nis slows down my computer ( pent4 , 256 ram ) .	0
what got me to buy was the reviewer that said it would play dvd-rs fill of files ( e . , mp3s ) .	1
night mode is clear as day .	1
but , i am quite unhappy with nokia at the moment .	0
the voice recorder is a beautiful add-on ; . not even necessary , but just an example of why apple just wants your money and creative labs wants to make a better player .	1
the interface used could be better designed .	0
this is a wonderful camera .	1
likewise , i 've heard norton 2004 professional version is fine too .	1
great video clip quality for a digital camera - so much better than my old one ( canon a60 ( ? . ) . . . the 2 . 0 megapixel one ) .	1
fm tuner & microphone : having a tuner in the player is a blessing .	1
about the only legitimate criticism from the online reviews is that fact that the lens really does obstruct the viewfinder .	0
( we wrap them nice and tight ) *we use our regular kitchen trash bags -- cheap ! .	1
also , the carrying case that came with mine covers up the display , so even though the side controls are reachable , i have to open it up to see the display .	0
mine generally requires a charge every 48 hours or so and i don 't really talk on it that much .	0
p . s the remote control does seem to get confused at times and doesnt respond but it may be just operator error ? .	0
all-in-all , creative has definitely come up with a winner in terms of product design and features , and i look forward to the nomad/zen line of products seizing more market share as people begin to realize that quality is a better determinant of experience than quantity and hype .	1
the height adjustment knob is a bit flimsy , but it works well and provides good accuracy .	1
the other thing i do n 't like about this 2600 is that it makes the color look over saturated .	0
i thought the fm radio would not see much use with so many tracks available to me , but its great for tuning in to tv programs at the gym while on the treadmill , concerts and programs being simulcast , npr , and on and on .	1
i like the automatic key lock function .	1
apex sucks ! .	0
too costly and not efficient if you ask me ! .	0
then sorting the files is easy as pie .	1
i love it ! . ! .	1
the pictures are tack sharp , colors are vivid , and at 7 mega pixels the quality is plenty high to manipulate and crop images to your hearts desire .	1
you have to press the buttons hard and frequently i end up pressing enter when i meant to scroll .	0
this product is by far the best broadband router on the market , i bought this to replace one of those linksys instant wireless b routers , worked great for about a year .	1
without any tweaking at all , if the exposure is accurate , the colors are as realistic as ive ever seen produced by film , and this is a raw image ! .	1
m3u files are used by most mp3 players like musicmatch and winamp , but not creative - without notmad you need to manually recreate your playlists ) ; . it does n 't care what software you use to rip or catalog your music - creative or any other company - all my 12 . 5 gb of music were transferred to the zen with correct tags - hooray ! .	1
the instructions would benefit from some improvement and it would help if the rp ms of the speed settings were mentioned .	0
then it started to smell whether there were diapers in it or not .	0
either way , can 't go wrong with this price .	1
is it necessary to scan my ms money database when i close the program ? .	0
one complaint . . . the screen is too easily scratched ! .	0
i wanted standard memory expansion ( cf cards ) , macro mode , and if possible , a waterproof housing ( for kayaking ) .	1
i purchased a jukebox , it got fried while being recharged , they asked for $ 20usd just to look at it and said that they would charge me for reaping the damned thing .	0
2 ) having unfilled id3 tags will cause music to be potentially placed in a folder called `` unknown . ``	0
two : it has a removeable/rechargeable battery , so you don 't have to send the thing in when the re ! .	1
other cameras taking pics of the same subjects turn out looking much better .	0
although i find it more convenient to use 1-touch dialing , this phone does not have voice dialing .	0
the supplied headphones are hands-down better than the mediocre ipod buds .	1
so far the dvd works so i hope it does n 't break down like the reviews i 've read .	1
if i was pressed to find a negative aspect of the zen micro i would probably have to mention weak fm reception , but the building where i primarily use the micro seems to have a history of terrible radio reception anyway , so you can take that for what it 's worth .	0
even the `` shorter `` battery life , though , has not impaired my positive experience with the zen micro in any way .	0
there are 3 computers in my house all getting wireless connection from this router , and everybody is happy with it .	1
one other plus is that napster now supports this device via their software .	1
so far , we 've only used this player a few times to watch movies and it has worked fine .	1
the speed control is recessed too far in the housing and required a tool ( screwdriver or dowel rod ) to effect any speed change .	0
its fast-forward and rewind work much more smoothly and consistently than those of other models i 've had .	1
i love this pail ! .	1
the only other problem was that security for the wireless connection .	0
5 . the camera installed on this phone is awesome .	1
2 . despite most reviewers giving kudos to the zen for music quality , i experienced a flaw using eax .	0
the startup time , quality of pictures and videos is outstanding .	1
amazon was wonderful about picking it up the next day and paying for the return shipping .	1
but , dollar for dollar , this dvd player is probably the best out there .	1
the scroll wheel is better than the ipod 's as well , in that you do n 't risk giving yourself a cramp running your thumb around in circles endlessly - just a small nudge of the finger and you 're there .	1
it holds quite a few diapers , and pops them in quickly and easily .	1
2 . take around 10 , 000 640x480 pictures .	1
this phone has many other features , ir , ; . just to name one , the features above i view as the most beneficial .	1
the only problem that i have found with the internet service is that it does not access mils ( real estate broker software ) very well at all .	0
the linksys technical support site has nothing about configuring the router for use with a mac .	0
the good : 1 ) large lcd screen , colorful display , good resolution .	1
with 40gb of storage i have about 7 , 500 songs on the player ( everything music file i have is on there ) with room for about 2 , 500 more .	1
yet after ensuring that all the id3 tags are in order ( with the software which is actually not as bad as people make it out ) it actually turns out to be really handy .	1
despite the things that i have listed so far , i could live with this item since it saves me from lugging a cd case to work , to the gym , in the car , etc . .	1
however after playing with it for three weeks now , i 'm convinced , the zen micro is superior .	1
this dvd play is basically junk .	0
my dad also has an apex tv and it was another great value for the money .	1
if there was a zero-star rating i would give it .	0
i had never liked the idea of the diaper genie because of the refills .	0
i highly recommend it if you are looking for a phone with great camera quality and/or lots of features you would find in a pda .	1
overall , this router seems like a reasonably priced product th ! .	1
and it is very easy to clean .	1
as i said , i don 't regret the purchase at all .	1
there was no compromise this little camera does amazing things .	1
the top did not fit well into the unit . ( felt defective )	0
i hope you have a magnifying glass , because the number displayed as well as most of the pop up options are tiny .	0
another thing i don 't like is that some of the features take 1-2 seconds to load up .	0
3 . it never smelled - at all .	1
you indefinitely appreciate the small size .	1
i want to start off saying that this camera is small for a reason .	1
the first one we installed did n 't work , and our kids were devastated to say the least .	0
the macro works great for medical photographs and the auto mode is terrific for point and shoot .	1
* removable battery	1
its sleek design , large memory capacity , compatibility with itunes , and ease of use makes this one of the best portable digital listening devices on the market .	1
the headphones are n 't the best , but you can really expect much out of the small headphones you insert in the ear cavity .	0
for the money apex machines have good features .	1
nokia was my first non flip phone , and i 'm glad i decided to go with them .	1
i 'm not overly fond of green but when i used this hitachi m12v it turns out that now i 'm very fond of it .	1
after reading reviews of lcd problems , cracked , black blobs etc , i figured that it was probably a very limited problem .	0
i was able to take great photos of the 4th of july fire works , and got some amazing shots of the kids playing with sparklers .	1
after multiple tries , one of the disks was finally recognized but video was poor and features not available .	0
no down time , great signal strength .	1
this phone has a nice blend of features without going overboard .	1
but after 10 days , the sound worked , but the video quit working .	0
4 . the build is just right .	1
some more manual control would have been nice .	0
this is wonderful to have for your first dvd player .	1
i was impressed by this very inexpensive player . for the first three hours , and then it died .	0
received apex dvd and the picture was great when set up with s connector .	1
i 've had no problems w/ this phone .	1
the only things i have found that i havent liked is that the lcd is hard to read in daylight but everyone else 's is too .	0
-- > will not automatically transfer songs with identical titles ( if you have live albums or greatest hits albums , this will cause you inordinate frustration ) .	0
the back of the player is nice too , with water ripples inside the clear white coating .	1
compared to everything else in this category , this is most definately the best bang for the buck .	1
you hit the message button on the front and it takes a matter of seconds to bring up the menu .	0
i did like the heft of the machine .	1
what this product really needs is better documentation for how to set up the router for different operating systems ! .	0
t-mobile wasn 't upfront about some of the terms to qualify for the rebate .	0
its steel backing picks up fingerprints and scratches easily , not great from a cosmetic standpoint .	0
i downloaded this set from norton , and within minutes my internet connection failed and my pc was almost dead due to registry problems from the download .	0
even better , with the optional headset you can listen to music over the integrated radio .	1
this linksys router does it for the right price .	1
i also removed the springs in the plunge tubes to make it easier to raise .	0
10 ) multiple play modes - tracks in order of album , shuffle , etc . , is standard on all jukebox players but worth noting that the zen xtra is not deficient in this matter .	1
thankfully , creative has come through with a product that puts the ipod back in its place .	1
but overall this is a good camera with a ' really good ' picture clarity ; . an exceptional close-up shooting capability .	1
customer service and technical support are overloaded and non responsive - tells you about the quality of their products and their willingness to stand behind them .	0
getting the program to install properly has been a living hell experience .	0
the pc-side software can be goofy and takes a little getting used to but it 's not as bad as some reviewers have indicated .	0
this is a must have product for all new moms ! .	1
the internet functions of the phone - wap and gprs - will only work through t-mobile 's services , because they have deleted the menu options that would enable you to configure the phone to be used on a different network .	0
i simply love this feature .	1
comes with a 16 mb compact flash and one rechargable battery the charging unit , included , is fast and small .	1
we have had this product for over a month and yesterday it stopped working .	0
just too numerous to list : fm radio , which has weak reception , but at least it there , and a microphone , to name just two .	0
all in all , not very good .	0
i have been ripping songs into it for the past few weeks , and the ease of use is wonderful .	1
second , the `` automatic `` sync on creative lets you review the songs before it begins its transfer .	1
the s100 's image quality rates in the middle of its class , but it can still be a reasonable choice for students , families , or small businesses looking for an ultra-portable camera that weighs less than half a pound with media and battery pack .	1
audio is excellent .	1
this is one of the nicest phones nokia has made .	1
for those mac osx users out there , isync works fairly well .	1
i purchased this camera before it went on sale , and while i wouldn 't have minded keeping the extra $ $ $ , it was definitely worth it .	1
other than that it meets or surpasses all of my needs and surely won 't disappoint any already established nokia phone fans .	1
the battery life on this phone is surreal .	1
the only drawbacks i 've encountered are : 1 indoor shots from a distance > 8ft lack contrast and color , but i 've found this to be a problem with all cameras with built-in flashes that i 've used even on a nikon slr .	0
so , i was one who was ready to give it 5 stars with no complaints at all .	1
a nikon will make you happier and leave you lots of good memories , as always .	1
it does not only have difficulty playing jpegs , it even has trouble properly playing dvd movies .	0
another nice thing is that the unit has both optical and coax digital audio outputs , though the latter was not mentioned in the literature i 'd scanned before buying .	1
the player 's mechanics are also flawed .	0
this is by far the finest camera in its price and category i have ever used .	1
first of all , the phone houses a great deal of memory for multiple videos , sound clips , photos , texts , etc .	1
anyhow , this software is working fine and no problems since i installed it two weeks ago .	1
negative : impossibly tiny and difficult to operate , barely visible , power button .	0
the thought of not having to buy refills and just using regular bags is awesome ! .	1
as opposed to the nomad ii or any other flash based player , the songs load extremely fast . . . about one or two seconds per song .	1
i also own a canon digital rebel and i agree that the advanced controls on the sd500 are not as robust , but overall picture quality goes head-to-head with the digital rebel .	0
it plays everything , even vcd 's .	1
its also smaller , and gets more looks .	1
there are number of downloads needed/available for this phone & they will be text ed to you at no cost .	1
the picture is perfect , although i 'm not watching on an hdtv .	1
maybe it is my lack of experience , but i found shots with this camera very disappointing .	0
the built in fm radio is excellent for people traveling by public transport .	1
the card basically installed itself and the `` install wizard `` on the cd that came with the router basically set the router up to work with one computer ( with the 54g card ) and also a second computer in my house ( with an 11b card ) .	1
it 's worth it .	1
creative zen feedback suffers from construction quality , poor product support , difficulty of using the scroll wheel and reasonably consistent feedback about problems with the headphone jack .	0
anything this phone does , it does perfectly .	1
the battery life of this camera is twice that of the nikon 5000 and is better than anything else i 've seen .	1
i have ripped over 100 songs from my cd collection and it was so easy and fast , and they all sound great .	1
apparently , t-mobile is heavily back-logged and can 't keep up with demands .	0
i forgot , the case does n 't fit .	0
i bought 2 of this model for christmas presents and neither one of them work ! .	0
( he had owned two apex dvd players , and was pleased with both of them . )	1
i am so pleased with this product ! . ! . ! .	1
however , i do n 't like to carry it on my belt because the clip is n 't secure and the case can slip off .	0
the screen is bright , easy to see in the daylight , with nice colors .	1
you have to purchase that separately for some outrageous cost .	0
sound settings can be adjusted for personal preference .	1
over all a fantastic very compact camera , which made us experience photography on a totally new level ! .	1
the customer support is pathetic .	0
a little weighty ( 9 ounces . . . no biggie ) , but otherwise fine .	0
by cocking the shutter to the halfway position and getting the settings ready to shoot , i was able to produce excellent stop action photos -- contrary to what other reviewers experienced .	1
i am bored with the silver look .	0
it would work fine for a while then as the motor warmed up it would die .	0
in my opinion it 's the best camera for the money if you 're looking for something that 's easy to use , small good for travel , and provides excellent , sharp images .	1
you can adjust the volume to be heard anywhere or so that it does n 't make that big of a disturbance .	1
creative are * the * sound people for computers , i can 't understand why eax would introduce static .	0
i love all of the features , and presets as well .	1
the touchpad is virtually unusable -- sometimes you have to press like mad to make a selection and other times the slightest brush causes something to be selected that you don 't want .	0
if it weren 't so big i would probably by another since no shop is complete without a handful of routers . .	0
the thing has survived plenty of falls with little or no damage , except the inevitable scratches .	0
the `` movies `` last about 5 seconds .	0
the sound quality with jazz and pop music is equally superior .	1
both are very easy to learn & use , and intuitive enough for even a novice .	1
however , there is a more detailed pdf manual on the cd ( and online ) that should answer any questions about the operational features of the zen micro .	1
i ended up buying one for upstairs and one for downstairs because it works so well and because i change him so often downstairs .	1
and the case , how did this ever make it out of quality control .	0
in other words , the zen is not a convenient data storage device ; . only buy the capacity you need for your music collection ( see point 1 . for some sizing information ) .	0
2 it is easy enough for my grandmother to use .	1
the cons , at times the diaper wipes get stuck in the disposal area making it hard to turn the handle back and forth .	0
* scroll button more cumbersome than on earlier models .	0
i bought this little guy a few weeks back , and i have to say that i never had so much fun with a new toy as this .	1
it is very light weight and has a good signal strength .	1
the installation , set-up , and operating interfaces are well organized and intuitive and the email spam component works well .	1
it would either not play the song at all , or skip wildly , no matter that the unit was resting on my desk .	0
i dont especially like how music files are unstructured ; . basically they are just dumped into one folder with no organization , like you might have in windows explorer folders and sub folders .	0
a lot of `` fragments `` were left in the registry , and it the norton system folders .	0
this is my second creative labs mp3 player , and it is definitely a fine product .	1
i 've often struggled to get something to work the way i want it , and hate to have to carry the manual with me all the time ! .	0
the interface is simple to use .	1
the catch is that , while it plays movies just fine , it has refused to read second discs with the movie `` extras `` on them on the two occasions when i tried to do that .	0
the flash is very weak .	0
it 's the same body as the popular elp2 aps camera ( take a look at a standard credit card from your wallet and you 'll have an idea of the front profile ! . ) .	1
the touch buttons do take a little getting used to and i don 't like how the scroll button is the same button used as an `` enter `` key , but you get used to it and it isn 't a big deal .	0
2 ) phone is awfully slow .	0
thank you apple ! . you make fabulous products .	1
their network coverage is very sporadic , and the network always seems overloaded , resulting in very unpleasant calling experience .	0
the extra spare battery is just a neat bonus .	1
using supplied s/w , you can transfer all addresses from a different nokia phone into it .	1
i like the size and weight of this little critter .	1
now it will start smelling if you leave it with diapers in it for an extended period but all of them will ! .	0
i compared it to other cd players ( two models of panasonic , rio & samsung ) and they were no way even near zen micro .	1
in conclusion , i gave the ipod a 4/5 because anything this expensive should would work just about flawlessly .	1
i have had mine for a month now and have to say i have enjoyed it .	1
secondly , in addition to the lag each time you give a command , it 's just not that easily use able on the go .	0
the only problem i have is with the handle you use to open the top compartment .	0
the software is very easy to use , and the transfer is super fast ! .	1
it works great .	1
other than that pictures taken in the dark are not as nice as i 'd like them ,	0
when i played back a symphony orchestra you would swear that you were seated dead center in front of the orchestra - it 's that good ! .	1
it works well enough ( so far ) for me to be satisfied with it , and it 's possible that i 'm missing something .	1
they really are awfully small .	0
the other controls are all very easy to use .	1
but you can download some really good ones like pac-man or mafia wars .	1
the 6600 will provide similar service in more developed areas of the states and not as well in more remote areas .	0
it 's a rip off if one buys norton internet security and antivirus .	0
among its weak points is the mmc slot location and a bit vague design .	0
it had a heavier and more sturdy casing .	0
i bought it for my trip to buns aries , and also used it at the iguassu falls , and could not have asked for more perfect performance ! .	1
i do not need to repeat what 's great about this phone .	1
the light auto-correction is awesome .	1
software is easy to use ( although red hat software is better , but costs money )	1
the cd ripping to mp3 is so easy , and you can even rip the cd directly to the mp3 player , so it wo n 't take up space on your pc hard drive .	1
i like the speak phone function a lot .	1
rather than creating a directory for bookmarks to be found in one area , the user must actually find the track where the bookmark was made . .	0
the ringtones are beautiful , the screen is super high quality .	1
update ( march 2005 ) : my son has been out of diapers for almost 2 years now , but the diaper champ hung in there till the very end - easy to use , no problems with odors , and one of the best bargains among all of the paraphernalia required for the modern baby : - )	1
the zen is an outstanding way to shuttle music between sources , you can 't do this on the ipod ( except for a cumbersome work-around using the ipod as a hard drive instead of a player ) .	1
i had no problems setting up the software and getting my favorite cd 's transferred .	1
the karma is only $ 5 more , it 's small , had a 20 gig drive and supports more formats including gog .	0
there are some features in the user interface that i find a little inconvenient .	0
but if i installed either one of these norton products , neither works after installation ? .	0
i am very pleased with my purchase .	1
the macro mode is exceptional , the pictures are very clear and you can take the pictures with the lens unbelievably close the subject .	1
software the software that comes along with it is not very intuitive but once you are used to it , it does the job well .	0
even the instruction booklet is out of order .	0
7 picture quality is excellent .	1
the darn thing works as promised and it 's amazingly cheap too .	1
i 'm giving it 1 star because as compared to other nokia phones , its a 1 , compared to other blunders by other companies ( such a samsung and motorola ) it might be good . . . . but if you 're getting a nokia , don 't get this one .	0
i am very pleased with it so far .	1
the only thing i don 't like is the small size ( 8 meg ) memory card that comes with it .	0
you can 't do that with a sony t610 ( which i traded for a 6600 ) .	0
this is a quality product , not to be confused with the cheap junk that hitachi gets manufactured in china .	1
which is really nice because you can get pretty much any piece of music in midi format for free on the net .	1
apple closed their island to anything that resembled microsoft , and clearly let napster know it could not use their products with napster 's services .	0
power for the tech-savvy , ease of use for the less fortunate .	1
the radio feature has superb sound quality .	1
7 . mediasource did not install on my personal notebook .	0
applications : it has lots of applications and they work very well . . . when you eventually find where they are and they finally open .	1
don 't use them , so i delete them for addle space .	0
i also like the lock feature , so it makes the touch pad inactive .	1
this product has virtually all the same installation problems .	0
the only thing i do n 't like about this is the cover does suck .	0
that said , i am disappointed in the plunging mechanism .	0
i chose the g3 because of its reputation for very high quality , clean images .	1
the free ( i didnt know they still did that ) carrying case is really protective , and to me its the only accessory you need ( except good headphones ) .	1
feature for feature , i find it a very sweet little player ; . equipped with a higher end headphone system , between this and th larger zen hardly use my home stereo system anymore .	1
the player is fast and sounds great , it also has many options like slowing or speeding up the music , or making it sound like you 're hearing the music in a huge auditorium .	1
it 's also so easy to use and holds a great deal of diapers .	1
3 ) folders can not be created for the audio files .	0
i highly recommend this phone to anyone .	1
unfortunately , this digital moment-capturing device called the g3 sometimes captures the moment after the one you wanted .	0
who knows how many uses you 'll get out of it before it craps out , but it probably will .	0
i am now staring at an array of stuff including zen micro player , stereo earbud headphones , a rechargeable lithium-ion battery , an ac/dc power adapter , a usb 2 . 0 cable , a belt-clip , a stand , a stylish cloth pouch , an installation cd , a quick-start guide , and creative mediasource software .	1
i must have heard this about a dozen times over the span of 2 weeks , when t-zones never worked .	0
the sound is amazing .	1
3 ) the nomad explorer ( winxp style interface ) works well to transfer files back and forth to use the nomad as an external although the tech support web-site states that the primary intended purpose of the player is as a player .	1
very small .	1
i love the es based controls and easy menus .	1
i got it working fast enough .	1
no matter how accustomed to the phone you become , too much time is required to get to , open and close applications .	0
6- small but very clear tft screen .	1
the number buttons are crammed into a 3x4cm area , the fonts are small , the interface is too convoluted and frustrating , it 's not that customizable as well .	0
video recording is limited at just 9 seconds .	0
the device looks very cool , i think ( exactly as the photos promise ) , it 's comfortable and lightweight in my jacket pocket , and the interface and controls are easy enough to navigate after a bit of practice .	1
photos are pretty darned good ! .	1
ultimately you will learn just how bad nokia is , and why their recent loss of market share is so utterly deserved .	0
the micro has an impressive array of very nice features and a well designed user interface .	1
i use it primarily in the provided protective case although i have dropped it about 3 feet from my desk ( by accident ) as well as have played it outdoors in - 30 fahrenheit weather ( by design ) and it has continued to work fine .	1
if you have no previous version of nortron security on your system , or nortron antivirus , the installation will go fine , otherwise dig in and in to do a major registery clean up ! . the old programs will leave a trace that will mess up the new installation , even if you uninstalled the old programs perfectly .	0
crappy headphones .	0
the photo quality is amazing .	1
i 've tried the belkin fm transmitter unit with it & it worked well when i set it on top of a portable radio , but was awful trying to use in the car which is somewhat of a disappointment .	0
the scroll button seems ok , i have no problems with it .	1
in addition , it only seems to work if you 're about five feet away from the player , although that may have been just the batteries that came with it .	0
only thing missing from creative is a cd burner .	0
i wanted this product because i didn 't have to buy special bags for it and it also came highly recommended .	1
i have been impressed with the power of the hitachi m12v .	1
i have had no problems with the phone .	1
to my ears , a 160 kbps wma file sounds just as good as the source cd , and the zen xtra sounds just as good as a portable cd player .	1
it is embarassing getting phone calls from family members telling you that the dvd player you gave them less that 3 months ago is no longer working .	0
for a sleeker , smaller and more `` average `` mp3 player the nitrus is great but the ipod blows it out of the water - the interface is great and the design is wonderful .	1
i would put the hitachi up with the best ! .	1
all-in-all , its good enough for its price as long as it doesnt break again due to normal use .	1
the setup process for the nomad is infuriating , and the interface with the player is sub-par .	0
the battery , as others have said , also seems weaker than creative suggests .	0
the achilles heel of this router is its inability to stream music , or copy large files over the local network .	0
smooth plunging ! . ( it did stick a bit so i sprayed it w/ lubricant .	1
overall , the micro is a solid device and i haven 't fell into a problem with it yet *knocks on wood* .	1
transfering is easy , the software makes everything pretty easy .	1
at the very least , a sturdier more protective carrying case would be nice .	0
for the most part this is a good dvd player .	1
the zen micro is smaller than it looks in pictures , and feels very solid .	1
i am an it professional and have used norton for years , but this product is a complete and utter dud .	0
the zen micro fm receiver is ok , not great .	1
very annoying .	0
i fully expect it to go bad again in the same or some other way in the next 6 months because , as other reviewers have pointed out , the construction is pretty flimsy .	0
third , creative software allows you to keep two windows open to look at both the content on the player and the computer .	1
iriver has a better fm receiver built in , but the drawback to iriver products is they are flimsy and poorly constructed .	0
you can do * so * much more with the pc suite , i . e . free ringtones from midi files , free graphics from any picture on your computer , and if you know how to program jame you can even make your own apps / games .	1
their site offers no live help at all .	0
however , the ipod does not come close to the number of extra features that the 'zen micro ' has to offer .	1
has a great helpline .	1
the extra gb of hard rive space , remove able battery and fm tuner , as well as the fact that i was previously a satisfied owner of the nomad ii put it over the top for me .	1
the zen plays mp3 , wma and wave formats , which makes it more versatile than the ipod .	1
before asking for the zen xtra specifically for christmas i researched many different mp3 players but finally decided on this one , and now that i have it i could n 't be happier and i 'm convinced it 's the best one out there .	1
i just replaced my old linksys router with this one , turned everything on in the right order , and it was up and running with no problems .	1
this is enough capacity and capability to do a complete household inventory , for example .	1
this is not a router i would suggest for a novice user , my old dlink di52 ! .	0
it plays basically every media i 've tested so far , even an old vcd that i ripped years ago and the rental dvd that could n 't be played on my old $ 200 sharp player ! .	1
booting up my computer took forever ! . ! . ! .	0
there are some highs to the 2004 edition , but mostly lows .	0
it only read the dvds 10 % of the time , otherwise i would get a no disc screen .	0
this player is not worth any price and i recommend that you do n 't purchase it .	0
the blue backlit lcd looks really neat and is easy to read .	1
the greatest thing about the software ( in my humble ) is that it reads your cd info .	1
i 've been bothered by blown-out highlights on the s330 , and the g3 seems to do only slightly better .	0
many other reviewers are mentioning that they have had no problems at all > i would say that the main problem is that this player is just not made very well .	0
the best thing to do with this version , is to leave it on the store shelf . it doesn 't work , and will cost you an enormous amount of your time , not to mention your hard earned dollars .	0
its ability to serve as a back-up for my music collection is a huge plus .	1
norton online support does not even acknowledge this problem nor does the computer company that preloaded it on our new computer .	0
the box is upstairs , and in the farthest room i get connected at 11-18m speed - that is similar to the older 10m ethernet standard .	1
i was using a motorola t720i with verizon and i had alot of dropped calls and i had troubles syncing data .	0
. even the slightest of the shakes totally distorts your image	0
it powers up quickly , so you won 't miss that quick shot .	1
	1
2 ) nice features , like web browser , camera , video recorder , speaker phone ( very usefully ) , clear voice reception .	1
and we still love it ! .	1
they player 's interface itself is also very easy to use .	1
	0
i am getting better speeds on all my web programs .	1
- speakerphone	1
it is small , unlike my canon slr , so it easily fits in my pocket .	1
it works with a minimum of fuss .	1
i downloaded a trial version of computer associates ex firewall and antivirus and fell in love with a computer security system all over again .	1
i loaded a lot of photos into it and they display very clearly for such a small screen and , very importantly , the transition from one photo to the next is instantaneous .	1
as mentioned in other reviews the headphones are useless and need to be replaced right away ! .	0
i also wanted to switch to broad com hardware ( which the linksys uses ) because my wifi menisci card in my dell laptop with lucien silicon in it used 70 % of my 1 . 2ghz laptop 's cpu when using the wireless at full speed .	1
this time , it started the installation process , then i left for work . i think it will work . i hope it will work .	0
it all sounds great too .	1
the only thing i would complain about the zen xtra is that the controls are n 't as easy as the ipod 's , or as `` sexy `` looking .	0
this thing is trash .	0
this was possible due to the variable speed settings for any sized bit .	1
the small size is perfect for my little hands , but may perhaps be uncomfortable or awkward for a bigger person .	1
the box proudly displays `` securest ( tm ) `` `` wireless made simple `` `` one touch setup button `` `` easy start `` `` easy security `` `` easy everyday `` apparently linksys/cisco knows that ease of setup is crucial .	0
the function lever - the one which switches between capture and view mode feels fragile .	0
i was looking for a phone which synced with mac osx using bluetooth , had decent battery life , could check email , had good reception , nice screen size and was durable ( i break often break small gadgets )	1
we were able to obtain a norton corporate edition of antivirus only ( no firewall or utilities ) and so far it 's great .	1
the one i purchased for a friend as a gift will not read any dvd disc .	0
those used to 35mm cameras will find the g3 very comfortable and friendly to use .	1
i received this little jewel as a gift and i can honestly say absolutely love it .	1
i love the fact i can carry it in my shirt or pants pocket and forget about it .	1
after i had it a couple weeks , it got into a state where it could never find the device , no matter how often i rebooted my pc , reset the device , reloaded drivers , etc , etc . creative 's online support was no help at all .	0
this is my first digital camera and i can say that i am quite impressed with the features that it has .	1
the controls on the player are very simple , no need for a manual .	1
6 ) the phone is really wide , which seems to be a turnoff for many people , but the phone is actually easier to grip and feel more ergonomic .	1
in the auto mode it functions basically as a point and click , the scene modes are very easy to use and produce good results .	1
the setup was very easy .	1
my jpeg pictures are viewable ( not so sharp and vivid ) on my 27 `` screen but seem not as clear as when i view them on my 17 `` monitor .	0
what disappointed me is the fact that it does not seem to read certain dvds .	0
the sound is not loud enough when i play back the video clips on the camera .	0
this little camera has created a marriage between myself and nikon . never knew i could love a digital camera so much .	1
these people takes lest effort to process rebate forms .	0
problems with the sound quality were evident right away , but even i couldn 't imagine they 'd be that bad .	0
i also liked the fact that you can save custom playlist you made on the player not just the computer ! .	1
operation : it 's like bmw 's i-drive - it does it 's job , but has the most unintuitive , overly-layered interface .	0
playlists can be made on the fly , without aid of a computer , and you can use play modes like shuffle and repeat for your ' now playing ' selections or playlists .	1
overall : small , sounds great , and less expensive than apple 's overpriced ipod ! .	1
range of functions - as indicated above - it has something for everyone : point and shoot power plus advanced functions for those who are serious about photography .	1
this router acts as a wireless access point , 100 mb switch and a router making it a nice multipurpose device .	1
it ain 't cutting edge ( no pun intended ) state of the art with all the latest bells & whistles & it definitely ain 't pretty .	0
unlike other reviewers , i have found the support to be responsive , almost no wait time on the phone , and relatively knowledgeable .	1
i tried calling the support number for a week , several times a day , and always got a busy signal .	0
works perfectly with my netgear wireless paramecia .	1
possibly the biggest advantage this player has ( if price was n 't enough ) is the fact that the user can replace the battery him / herself by opening the lid and popping in the new battery .	1
software definitely sucks , hangs up my notebook about half the time , but i do n 't mind buying notmad .	0
i have no problem using the player itself and i feel it is a very good player .	1
easy to use : a lot of reviews has mentioned about this	1
if you 're looking for a small , compact , super resolution digital camera , you can end your search with the nikon 4300 ! .	1
the controls are hard to manipulate , especially in the dark .	0
i would however highly recommend the m12v router ! .	1
no one has ever come to my house and noticed 'diaper odor . '	1
player works and looks great - if you can get the dvd 's to play .	1
diaper champ is by far the best diaper pail ! .	1
it will not replace your high-end 35mm slr but it 's a great toy to keep near you at all times for snapshots .	1
the ! . sound quality is great .	1
i find the lack of entertaining games on this phone quite disturbing .	0
but , for the money it is a good machine .	1
i purchased this router at a woodworking show after watching the ct people using it to demo their bits and was impressed how it performed .	1
i dont know what other people are saying , but the software is awesome .	1
in summary , i love this camera and would whole-heartedly recommend this to anyone wanting a high quality point and shoot camera in the medium price range .	1
durability : not good . first problem , if you haven 't seen the news recently , the ipods are being recalled for battery problems and not lasting the advertised 18 months .	0
although the sd500 takes great quality photos , the sensitivity of the lcd compromises the quality overall .	0
i 've tried playing all of these discs and they all play great .	1
i think this is it 's biggest flaw .	0
i immediately had problems getting the player to recognize two of my favorite dvds .	0
on my main computer the software did not work right .	0
have tried calling ( 866-4apexgo ) , but can 't get through .	0
it has an equalizer , but the iriver h10-20gb has a lot more presets than the ipod .	0
this camera is worth every penny , and i highly recommend it ! .	1
the hitachi has plenty of power , runs smooth , and cuts effortlessly through maple ( with freud bits ! . )	1
the sound is excellent , the battery life is excellent , the fact that the battery is replacable is excellent , and finally the price , $ 200 cheaper than the 40gb ipod , is excellent .	1
the os is ab it confusing at 1st , but within a few days you will pass this learning curve ! .	0
purchased this router a few months back , no problems whatsoever .	1
one of the best cell phones i have ever used to-date .	1
unfortunately i was wrong .	0
i 've had this player for several months and it reads most discs , but it would not recognize several discs that were clean and read on other players ( from friends season 2 ) .	0
the included leather pouch is a big plus : it actually protects the unit well , something a lot of ' carrying cases ' fail to do with other audio devices .	1
i began taking pics as soon as i got this camera and am amazed at the quality of photos i have took simply by using the auto mode .	1
apple 's ipod battery replacement service costs $ 100 ! .	0
the environmental audio , however , is almost completely useless and has made most of my songs sound worse than without it ( i encode my songs at 192-256 kbps without variable bit rates . )	0
looks and shape : i have a black one and the first time i charged it and switched it on jeez the blue light looked so cool .	1
the only problem is the battery life .	0
first , it really is tiny ; . the size of a pack of cigarettes , maybe a scotch deeper .	1
+ / - sound quality was good but it was going to take some tweaking with settings to try to make it great .	1
its speakerphone option allows us to do long talks conveniently , lying on bed & # 38 ; . phone lying by your pillow side .	1
i use it for ripping cds , which it does a pretty good job of .	1
ripping your songs and creating playlists could n 't be any easier .	1
i purchased the nomad jukebox zen xtra 40gb and it is fantastic ! .	1
having the digic ii chip helps a lot .	1
the included earpiece is very comfortable and easy to use .	1
i like it 's shape and it 's keypad and joystick .	1
i don 't know why cnet says there is a problem with focus , i have all my pictures sharp and high quality .	1
it has lots of little cute features , my favorite being the games and the pim ( personal information manager -- i . e . organizer ) , and the radio ! .	1
the headphone jack seems to be a major problem .	0
while , there are flaws with the machine , the xtra gets five stars because of its affordability .	1
the pictures are uniformly excellent and color rendering is perfect .	1
depressing the scroll button ( for selecting ) is not always responsive .	0
however , the creative software is not real intuitive .	0
the sound quality is superb , much better than that of an ipod , in my opinion .	1
it could be a little bit bigger , but it 's easy to get used to .	0
it works better and has more useful features than nis 2003 .	1
however , setting up using the quick start instructions was a breeze .	1
looks ok - very shiny chrome and mirrors .	1
reset the network , tried the connection , and it 's working like a charm .	1
just don 't get drawn into t-mobile 's catchy rebate .	0
the more i use it and figure out how to do things , the more i like it .	1
always carried it in a case in by briefcase but one day the hard drive just zapped .	0
the router works fine for both wired and wireless .	1
it was a very quick setup and installation , in fact the disc that it comes with pretty much makes sure you cant mess it up .	1
so far ( 3 weeks ) , we 've had no problems with the diaper champ at all .	1
i just bought one and returned it as defective for good reason .	0
i 've had a lot of cameras , but this one is actually being used , and not stored in a desk : it 's all ways in my shiest pocket .	1
you can use it as a storage hard drive .	1
3- it is slow , if you keep the original configuration and prigs ( why 'd u buy it then ? . ! . ) it 'll run smoothly , but still slower than most other coloured-screen nokias .	0
5 ) video recorder is of no use and one can not record something useful in 10 seconds and it takes a while to send the same through the `` free picture and video messaging `` offered by service provider .	0
the last problem i found with this camera was the macro function .	0
after we discovered the problems , we tried to contact apex ( flor 3 months ) , but we never got in touch with them . the customer support telephone number is always busy , and they do not answer their web customer support .	0
the zennx will keep running for the price of a replacement battery , just like any other battery-powered appliance .	1
plusses are the easy to remove battery and the terrific sound produced by the nomad .	1
battery life is very good , i use it every day and i have to charge it every 5 or 6 days or so .	1
the player is great .	1
and also , it 's priced very afford ably .	1
now the bad : 1 ) as usual , battery power not sufficient for daily usu age .	0
other than that , i love this camera .	1
i just upgraded to the linksys wrt54g wireless-g router last month and i am very happy with the quality of the product .	1
it sounds decent , but i would estimate you get maybe 80 % of the quality that you would from a true line out jack .	0
*holds the odor in nicely ! .	1
photo stitch ( merge pictures to create a panoramic one . . even my old one can do this and it 's really cool to have it now still )	1
it is small .	1
you can use the player to store your computer data files ( good feature to have ) .	1
i still have my s70 because i like the wider lens sometimes , but in general , if you are looking for a small camera with the whole package , the sd500 is the only one you should buy .	1
newbies will find the full auto setting will give them perfect pictures right out of the box .	1
i 'm staying with sprint , and though i fear that their csr is n 't nearly as good as t-mobile 's , the clarity of their reception is exceptional .	1
battery : a big big plus .	1
- no proprietary headset jack	0
player has a problem with dual-layer dvd 's such as alias season 1 and season 2 .	0
if you are already using a previous version of nortron security and uni stalled it to install the new version , you will still have all kind of problems in installing the new version on your system ! .	0
the explorer program did shut down a couple times while i was renaming titles and changing genres but i did n 't have to reboot the computer or anything , just open up explorer again .	0
the signal to noise ratio ( the ratio of detectable , useful data to unusable garbage in , say , a radio wave ; . a larger stn ratio is better ) is nice and high at 98 decibels , and it should be noted that apple refuses to release the stn ratio of any of the ipods .	1
smaller size , 1 gb of more space , radio , voice recording , removable battery , cooler look , all in one .	1
the ad-1600 did n 't work correctly from the start and the ad-1220 lasted about a week and a half before it started to act up .	0
i have a canon a 70 , and now this sd500 , its amazing , how this little camera produces , such great pics , it even brings out ur pimples on the face .	1
the catch is it 's built like a piece of crap .	0
it has never worked .	0
both the antivirus and firewall are integrated into one piece of software and they update together .	1
the software is quick & easy to use & i found the entire process very easily mastered .	1
it seems to be working fine , but we 've not used it all that much .	1
it is very simple to import via photo 2 and then move them to photoshop .	1
moreover , apart from the plastic cable cover , the camera has a nice , solid feel about it , and it 's so tiny , i take it with me wherever i go .	1
it is just a tad small to hold to your ear with your shoulder , but that is solved with the very comfortable handsfree ear-piece which is included .	1
gets stinky after a few months , the seal on the piston doesn 't seal anymore .	0
negatives of the player itself : you need to do a little work before having full enjoyment of this player .	0
first , let me say that i got the 20gb ipod for christmas , and i most likely would not have spent the $ 300 myself .	0
the locations of various buttons on one side or the other is somewhat illogical	0
also as someone who at least knows a little bit about the technical work of taking a photo i really miss having manual controls .	0
- looks sleek , compact , has a radio .	1
first and foremost , it will take better pic 's than most film camera 's .	1
i originally gave this camera 5 stars . when i had windows 98 it was wonderful but i got a new computer last november with xp the usb software is soho . . . not compatible with xp	0
has the click wheel and the ability to scan through thousands of songs and organizes them great .	1
i would recommend this camera unequivocally ! .	1
great camera , i have been using this for several months and got excellent results , simple friendly usage , in many scenes indoor , outdoor , snow , close up macro etc .	1
all in all it hasn 't been a bad product .	1
i 'm not sure why all the bad reviews , my computer isn 't especially slowed down and i have win '98 .	1
for the price and features it is really good .	1
its stable , so a curious toddler can 't easily tip it over .	1
we found that when you put a dirty diaper into the top loader , there was a tendency to get streaks which would then get on the plunger which would then have to get cleaned each time it was used .	0
the auto setting does a great job most of the time but there are manual settings for those who want them .	1
3 band and you can just change the sim card in it to be able to use it in europe with another service provider .	1
9 ) wake-up feature that allows you to set up the player to wake up and play selected music at a specified time .	1
* software is absolutely terrible :	0
this is due to the unusually slow autofocus system .	0
i have noted that as you use the tool , sawdust builds in the channel and it requires attention .	0
buying software that can not be installed normally and being put into the position of having a non-working computer .	0
* protective case completely useless as is since it obscures display window .	0
i 'm not gon na go into the features cause if you 're reading this review , you 've probably already looked at them , but i must say the dj feature if very cool and the removable battery is also a bonus ! .	1
but from my experience , by the time it gets to that point , the bag is really heavy , so i think this is kind of helpful- it 's a built-in way of keeping the bag manageable upon emptying .	1
fm radio built in ( howard stern ) .	1
i like the nomad 's color better , but it 's not terribly flashy .	1
and with usb 2 . 0 , transferring music to your player is incredibly easy .	1
installation was as near automatic as can be .	1
also , the earbuds that came with it sound great but are uncomfortable ( although my wife didn 't have a problem ) , so i bought a pair of over-the-ear headphones .	0
and supply those stupid white headphones .	0
my only gripe about the hardware is the buttons .	0
unlike my 3 other mp3 players , this thing will only work properly if you have id3 tags on all of your tracks .	0
the phone 's sound quality is great ( turn up the volume if its too quiet , people , this thing will get loud ) i dont have any complaints about this phone and the only thing that i miss from my 8290 is voice dialing .	1
after attempting to navigate the clumsy touch-pad system , i could not get the unit to download my wma files .	0
it has an exterior design that combines form and function more elegantly than any point-and-shoot we 've ever tested .	1
can 't beat carrying 500-cd collection with me wherever i go .	1
the antivirus feature is phenomenal , and is regularly updated .	1
only problem is that is a bit heavy .	0
the only problem is that occasionally the joystick does start to dig into your thumb while gaming .	0
the player works well with my sony srs-a 202 powered speakers .	1
very bad quality .	0
the headphone jack failure seems to occur just about when the warranty period is to expire .	0
you just can 't go wrong with this one ! .	1
the color and light i captured with this camera on a 12-day trip to turkey ( gorgeous vividly colored ceramic tiles inside darkened mosques ) were far superior to anything i 've ever gotten with a traditional 35-mm film camera .	1
the earbuds are great headphones as good as my ak studio 240 , well not as good but darn close .	1
overall i like it .	1
the features are really cool like the radio .	1
there will be much erasing of text as , one would tend to type something instead of the actual letters .	0
it looks sleek and modern .	1
c ) the scroll bar is a travesty -- enough said	0
the software included is an easy installation and you have the option of using the creative software , windows media player 10 , or simply windows explorer to move music back and forth between your zen touch .	1
it can not be the computer or the owner , since i purchased mcgee anti-virus 8 and it installs and works fine with no problems .	1
this dvd player plays raw mpeg2 and mpeg1 videos , jpeg , wma , cmdr / cadre / dvd / dvd , and of course plays dvd movies from uk . i love the giff , progressive scan feature .	1
1 ) a spare battery would have been great .	0
also , it takes any kitchen sized trash bag , so there is no special bag to stock .	1
i have found too many bugs in norton internet security professional to recommend it to any one without extreme patience and experience .	0
but this doesn 't make up for it 's innumerable other short-comings , the biggest of which is the inability to download any updates due to problems with liveupdate .	0
